Nature-study is, despite all discussions 
and perversions, a study of nature; it con- 
sists of simple, truthful observations that 
may ? like beads on a string, finally be 
threaded upon the understanding and 
thus held together as a logical and har- 
monious whole. Therefore, the object of 
the nature-study teacher should be to cul- 
tivate in the children powers of accurate 
observation and to build up within them 
understanding. 

WHAT NATURE-STUDY SHOULD Do 
FOR THE CHILD 

First, but not most important, nature- 
study gives the child practical and help- 
ful knowledge. It makes him familiar with 



Ralph W. Curtis w

nature's ways and forces, so that he is not 
so helpless in the presence of natural mis- 
fortune and disasters. 

Nature-study cultivates the child's im- 
agination, since there are so many wonder- 
ful and true stories that he may read with 
his own eyes, which affect his imagination 
as much as does fairy lore; at the same 
time nature-study cultivates in him a per- 
ception and a regard for what is true, and 
the power to express it. All things seem 
possible in nature; yet this seeming is 
always guarded by the eager quest of what 
is true. Perhaps half the falsehood in the 
world is due to lack of power to detect 
the truth and to express it. Nature-study 
aids both in discernment and in expression 
of things as they are. 

Nature-study cultivates in the child a 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 



love of the beautiful; it brings to him early 
a perception of color, form, and music. He 
sees whatever there is in his environment, 
whether it be the thunder-head piled up 
in the western sky, or the golden flash of 
the oriole in the elm; whether it be the 
purple of the shadows on the snow, or 
the azure glint on the wing of the little 
butterfly. Also, what there is of sound, he 




Louis Agassiz Fuertes Council, Boy Scouts of America 

A nature hike 

hears; he reads the music score of the bird 
orchestra, separating each part and know- 
ing which bird sings it. And the patter of 
the rain, the gurgle of the brook, the sigh- 
ing of the wind in the pine, he notes and 
loves and becomes enriched thereby. 

But, more than all, nature-study gives 
the child a sense of companionship with 
life out-of-doors and an abiding love of 
nature. Let this latter be the teacher's 
criterion for judging his or her work. If 
nature-study as taught does not make the 
child love nature and the out-of-doors, 
then it should cease. Let us not inflict 
permanent injury on the child by turning 
him away from nature instead of toward 
it. However, if the love of nature is in the 
teacher's heart, there is no danger; such 



a teacher, no matter by what method, 
takes the child gently by the hand and 
walks with him in paths that lead to the 
seeing and comprehending of what he 
may find beneath his feet or above his 
head. And these paths, whether they lead 
among the lowliest plants, or whether to 
the stars, finally converge and bring the 
wanderer to that serene peace and hope- 
ful faith that is the sure inheritance of all 
those who realize fully that they are work- 
ing units of this wonderful universe. 

NATURE-STUDY AS A HELP TO HEALTH 

Perhaps the most valuable practical les- 
son the child gets from nature-study is a 
personal knowledge that nature's laws are 
not to be evaded. Wherever he looks, he 
discovers that attempts at such evasion 
result in suffering and death. A knowledge 
thus naturally attained of the immuta- 
bility of nature's " must " and " shall not " 
is in itself a moral education. The realiza- 
tion that the fool as well as the transgres- 
sor fares ill in breaking natural laws makes 
for wisdom in morals as well as in hygiene. 

Out-of-door life takes the child afield 
and keeps him in the open air, which not 
only helps him physically and occupies 
his mind with sane subjects, but keeps 
him out of mischief. It is not only during 
childhood that this is true, for love of 
nature counts much for sanity in later life. 
This is an age of nerve tension, and the 
relaxation which comes from the comfort- 
ing companionship found in woods and 
fields is, without doubt, the best remedy 
for this condition. Too many men who 
seek the out-of-doors for rest at the present 
time, can only find it with a gun in hand. 
To rest and heal their nerves they must 
go out and try to kill some unfortunate 
creature the old, old story of sacrificial 
blood. Far better will it be when, through 
properly training the child, the man shall 
be enabled to enjoy nature through seeing 
how creatures live rather than watching 
them die. It is the sacred privilege of 
nature-study to do this for future genera- 
tions and for him thus trained, shall the 
words of Longfellow's poem to Agassiz 
apply: 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 3 



And he wandered away and away, with 

Nature the dear old nurse, 
Who sang to him night and day, the 

rhymes of the universe. 
And when the way seemed long, and his 

heart began to fail, 
She sang a more wonderful song, or told 

a more wonderful tale. 

WHAT NATURE-STUDY SHOULD Do FOR 
THE TEACHER 

During many years, I have been watch- 
ing teachers in our public schools in their 
conscientious and ceaseless work; and so 
far as I can foretell, the fate that awaits 
them finally is either nerve exhaustion or 
nerve atrophy. The teacher must become 
either a neurasthenic or a " clam." 

I have had conversations with hundreds 
of teachers in the public schools of New 
York State concerning the introduction 
of nature-study into the curriculum, and 
most of them declared, " Oh, we have not 
time for it. Every moment is full now! " 
Their nerves were at such a tension that 
with one more thing to do they must fall 
apart. The question in my own mind dur- 
ing these conversations was always, how 
long can she stand it! I asked some of 
them, " Did you ever try a vigorous walk 
in the open air in the open country every 
Saturday or every Sunday of your teach- 
ing year? " " Oh no! " they exclaimed in 
despair of making me understand. " On 
Sunday we must go to church or see our 
friends and on Saturday we must do our 
shopping or our sewing. We must go to 
the dressmaker's lest we go unclad, we 
must mend, and darn stockings; we need 
Saturday to catch up." 

Yes, catch up with more cares, more 
worries, more fatigue, but not with more 
growth, more strength, more vigor, and 
more courage for work. In my belief, there 
are two and only two occupations for Sat- 
urday afternoon or forenoon for a teacher. 
One is to be out-of-doors and the other 
is to lie in. bed, and the first is best. 
Out in this, God's beautiful world, there 
is everything waiting to heal lacerated 
nerves, to strengthen tired muscles, to 
please and content the soul that is torn 



to shreds with duty and care. To the 
teacher who turns to nature's healing, na- 
ture-study in the schoolroom is not a trou- 
ble; it is a sweet, fresh breath of air blown 
across the heat of radiators and the noi- 
some odor of overcrowded small human- 
it}'. She who opens her eyes and her heart 
nature-ward even once a week finds na- 
ture-study in the schoolroom a delight and 
an abiding joy. What does such a one 
find in her schoolroom instead of the ter- 
rors of discipline, the eternal watching and 
eternal nagging to keep the pupils quiet 
and at work? She finds, first of all, com- 
panionship with her children; and second, 
she finds that without planning or going 
on a far voyage, she has found health and 
strength. 

WHEN AND WHY THE TEACHER SHOULD 
SAY " I Do NOT KNOW " 

No science professor in any university, 
if he be a man of high attainment, hesi- 
tates to say to his pupils, " I do not know/' 
if they ask for information beyond his 
knowledge. The greater his scientific rep- 
utation and erudition, the more readily, 
simply, and without apology he says this. 
He, better than others, comprehends how 
vast is the region that lies beyond man's 
present knowledge. It is only "the teacher 
in the elementary schools who has never 
received enough scientific training to re- 
veal to her how little she does know, who 
feels that she must appear to know every- 
thing or her pupils will lose confidence 
in her. But how useless is this pretense, in 
nature-study! The pupils, whose younger 
eyes are much keener for details than hers, 
will soon discover her limitations and then 
their distrust of her will be real. 

In nature-study any teacher can with 
honor say, " I do not know "; for perhaps 
the question asked is as yet unanswered 
by the great scientists. But she should not 
let lack of knowledge be a wet blanket 
thrown over her pupils' interest. She 
should say frankly, " I do not know; let 
us see if we cannot together find out this 
mysterious thing. Maybe no one knows it 
as yet, and I wonder if you will discover 
it before I do/ 7 She thus conveys the right 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 

she is never allowed to forget that she 
knows them, and finally her interests be- 
come limited to what she knows. 
pupils feel the thrill and zest of in- After all what is the chief sign of 

r __ x- :n &lt;,i^w* fk/^r r^crv-H- growing old? Is it not me reeling mat 

we know all there is to be known? It is 



impression, that only a little about the in- 
tricate life of plants and animals is yet 
known; and at the same time she makes 



vestigation. Nor will she lose their respect 

bv doing this, if she does it in the right . 

soirit For three rears I had for com- not years which make people old; it is 
rades'in my walks afield two little chil- +* - A "*** "* ^"* W1 '' 
dren and they kept me busy saying, " I 
do not know." But they never lost confi- 
dence in me or in my knowledge; they 




Leonard "K. Beyer 

Long -spurred violet 

simply gained respect for the vastness 
of the unknown. 

The chief charm of nature-study would 
be taken away if it did not lead us through 
the border-land of knowledge into the 
realm of the undiscovered. Moreover, the 
teacher,, in confessing her ignorance and 
at the same time her interest in a sub- 
ject, establishes between herself and her 
pupils a sense of companionship which re- 
lieves the strain of discipline, and gives 
her a new and intimate relation with her 
pupils which will surely prove a potent 
element in her success. The best teacher 
is always one who is the good comrade of 
her pupils. 

NATURE-STUDY, THE ELIXIR OF YOUTH 
The old teacher is too likely to be- 
come didactic, dogmatic, and " bossy ?&gt; if 
she does not constantly strive with her- 
self. Why? She has to be thus five days in 
the week and, therefore, she is likely to 
be so seven. She knows arithmetic, gram- 
mar, and geography to their uttermost, 



ruts, and a limitation of interests. When 
w r e no longer care about anything except 
our own interests, we are then olcl ? it 
matters not whether our years be twenty 
or eighty. It is rejuvenation for the 
teacher, thus growing old, to stand ig- 
norant as a child in the presence of one 
of the simplest of nature's miracles 
the formation of a crystal, the evolution 
of the butterfly from the caterpillar, the 
exquisite adjustment of the silken lines 
in the spider's orb web. I know how to 
"make magic" for the teacher who is 
growing old. Let her go out with her 
youngest pupil and reverently watch with 
him the miracle of the blossoming violet 
and say: "Dear Nature, I know naught 
of the wondrous life of these, your small- 
est creatures. Teach me! " and she will 
suddenly find herself young. 

NATURE-STUDY AS A HELP IN 
SCHOOL DISCIPLINE 

Much of the naughtiness in school is 
a result of the child's lack of interest in 
his work, augmented by the physical in- 
action that results from an attempt to sit 
quietly. The best teachers try to obviate 
both of these causes of misbehaviour 
rather than to punish the naughtiness that 
results from them. Nature-study is an aid 
in both respects, since it keeps the child 
interested and also gives him something 
to do. 

In the nearest approach to an ideal 
school that I have ever seen, for children 
of second grade, the pupils were allowed, 
as a reward of merit, to visit the aquaria 
or the terrarium for periods of five min- 
utes, which time was given to the blissful 
observation of the fascinating prisoners. 
The teacher also allowed the reading of 
stories about the plants and animals un- 
der observation to be regarded as a re- 
ward of merit. As I entered the school- 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 



room, eight or ten of the children were 
at the windows watching eagerly what 
was happening to the creatures confined 
there in the various cages. There was a 
mud aquarium for the frogs and sala- 
manders, an aquarium for fish, many 
small aquaria for insects, and each had 
one or two absorbedly interested specta- 
tors who were quiet, well-behaved, and 
were getting their nature-study lessons 
in an ideal manner. The teacher told me 
that the problem of discipline was solved 
by this method, and that she was rarely 
obliged to rebuke or punish. In many 
other schools, watching the living crea- 
tures in the aquaria or terraria has been 
used as a reward for other work well done. 

THE RELATION OF NATURE-STUDY 
TO SCIENCE 

Nature-study is not elementary science 
as so taught, because its point of attack 
is not the same; error in this respect has 
caused many a teacher to abandon nature- 
study and many a pupil to hate it. In 
elementary science the work begins with 
the simplest animals and plants and pro- 
gresses logically through to the highest 
forms; at least this is the method pursued 
in most universities and schools. The ob- 
ject of the study is to give the pupils an 
outlook over all the forms of life and their 
relation one to another. In nature-study 
the w 7 ork begins with any plant or crea- 
ture which chances to interest the pupil. 
It begins with the robin when it comes 
back to us in March, promising spring; 
or it begins with the maple leaf which 
flutters to the ground in all the beauty of 
its autumnal tints. A course in biological 
science leads to the comprehension of 
all kinds of life upon our globe. Nature- 
study is for the comprehension of the 
individual life of the bird, insect, or plant 
that is nearest at hand. 

Nature-study is perfectly good science 
within its limits, but it is not meant to 
be more profound or comprehensive than 
the capabilities of the child's mind. More 
than all, nature-study is not science be- 
littled as if it were to be looked at through 
the reversed opera glass in order to bring 



it down small enough for the child to 
play with. Nature-study, as far as it goes, 
is just as large as is science for " grown- 
ups. 77 It may deal with the same subject 
matter and should be characterized by 
the same accuracy. It simply does not go 
so far. 

To illustrate: If we are teaching the 
science of ornithology, we take first the 
Archaeopteryx, then the swimming and 
scratching birds, and finally reach the song 
birds, studying each as a part of the 
whole. Nature-study begins with the robin 
because the child sees it and is interested 
in it, and notes the things about the 
habits and appearance of the robin that 
may be perceived by intimate observa- 




An aquarium 



Hugh Spencer 



tion. In fact, he discovers for himself all 
that the most advanced book of ornithol- 
ogy would give concerning the ordinary 
habits of this one bird; the next bird 
studied may be the turkey in the barn- 
yard, or the duck on the pond, or the 
screech owl in the spruces, if any of these 
happen to impinge upon his notice and 
interest. However, such nature-study 
makes for the best of scientific ornithol- 
ogy 7 , because by studying the individual 
birds thus thoroughly, the pupil finally 
studies a sufficient number of forms so 
that his knowledge, thus assembled, gives 
him a better comprehension of birds as 
a whole than could be obtained by the 
routine study of them. Nature-study 
does not start out with the classification 
given in books, but in the end it builds 
up in the child's mind a classification 
which is based on fundamental knowl- 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 



edge; it is a classification like that evolved 
by the first naturalists, because it is built 
on careful personal observations of both 
form and life. 

NATURE-STUDY NOT FOR DRILL 
If nature-study is made a drill, its peda- 
gogic value is lost. When it is properly 
taught, the child is unconscious of mental 
effort or that he is suffering the act of 
teaching. As soon as nature-study be- 
comes a task, it should be dropped; but 
how could it ever be a task to see that 
the sky is blue, or the dandelion golden, 
or to listen to the oriole in the elm! 




Stanley Mulaik 



A young entomologist 

THE CHILD NOT INTERESTED 
IN NATURE-STUDY 

What to do with the pupil not inter- 
ested in nature-study subjects is a prob- 
lem that confronts many earnest teachers. 
Usually the reason for this lack of inter- 
est is the limited range of subjects used 
for nature-study lessons. Often the teacher 
insists upon flowers as the lesson subject, 
when toads or snakes would prove the key 
to the door of the child's interest. But 
whatever the cause may be, there is only 
one right way out of this difficulty: The 
child not interested should be kept at 
his regular school work and not admitted 
as a member of the nature-study class, 
where his influence is always demoraliz- 



ing. He had much better be learning his 
spelling lesson than learning to hate na- 
ture through being obliged to study sub- 
jects in which he is not interested. In 
general, it is safe to assume that the pu- 
pil's lack of interest in nature-study is 
owing to a fault in the teacher's method. 
She may be trying to fill the child's mind 
with facts when she should be leading 
him to observe these for himself, which 
is a most entertaining occupation for the 
child. It should always be borne in mind 
that mere curiosity is always impertinent, 
and that it is never more so than when 
exercised in the realm of nature. A genu- 
ine interest should be the basis of the 
study of the lives of plants and lower 
animals. Curiosity may elicit facts, but 
only real interest may mold these facts 
into wisdom. 

WHEN TO GIVE THE LESSON 

There are two theories concerning the 
time when a nature-study lesson should 
be given. Some teachers believe that it 
should be a part of the regular routine; 
others have found it of greatest value if 
reserved for that period of the school 
day when the pupils are weary and rest- 
less, and the teacher's nerves strained to 
the snapping point. The lesson on a tree, 
insect, or flower at such a moment affords 
immediate relief to everyone; it is a men- 
tal excursion, from which all return re- 
freshed and ready to finish the duties of 
the day. 

While I am convinced that the use of 
the nature-study lesson for mental re- 
freshment makes it of greatest value, yet 
I realize fully that if it is relegated to 
such periods, it may not be given at all. 
It might be better to give it a regular 
period late in the day, for there is strength 
and sureness in regularity. The teacher 
is much more likely to prepare herself for 
the lesson, if she knows that it is required 
at a certain time. 

THE LENGTH OF THE LESSON 

The nature-study lesson should be 
short and sharp and may vary from ten 
minutes to a half hour in length. There 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 



should be no dawdling; if it is an observa- 
tion lesson, only a few points should be 
noted and the meaning for the observa- 
tions made clear. If an outline be sug- 
gested for field observation, it should be 
given in an inspiring manner which shall 
make each pupil anxious to see and read 
the truth for himself. The nature story 
when properly read is never finished; it 
is always at an interesting point, " con- 
tinued in our next/' 

The teacher may judge as to her own 
progress in nature-study by the length 
of time she is glad to spend in reading 
from nature's book what is therein writ- 
ten. As she progresses, she finds those 
hours spent in studying nature speed 
faster, until a day thus spent seems but 
an hour. The author can think of nothing 
she would so gladly do as to spend days 
and months with the birds, bees, and flow- 
ers with no obligation to tell what she 
should see. There is more than mere in- 
formation in hours thus spent. Lowell 
describes them well when he says: 

Those old days when the balancing of a 
yellow butterfly o'er a thistle bloom 

Was spiritual food and lodging for the 
whole afternoon. 

THE NATURE-STUDY LESSON 

ALWAYS NEW 

A nature-study lesson should not be 
repeated unless the pupils demand it. It 
should be done so well the first time that 
there is no need of repetition, because it 
has thus become a part of the child's con- 
sciousness. The repetition of the same les- 
son in different grades was, to begin with, 
a hopeless incubus upon nature-study. 
One disgusted boy declared, " Darn ger- 
mination! I had it in the primary and last 
year and now I am having it again. I 
know all about germination." The boy's 
attitude was a just one; but if there had 
been revealed to him the meaning of 
germination, instead of the mere process, 
he would have realized that until he had 
planted and observed every plant in the 
world he would not know all about ger- 
mination, because each seedling has its 



own interesting story. The only excuse 
for repeating a nature-study lesson is in 
recalling it for comparison and contrast 
with other lessons. The study of the violet 
will naturally bring about a review of the 
pansy; the dandelion, of the sunflower; 
the horse, of the donkey; the butterfly, of 
the moth. 

NATURE-STUDY AND OBJECT LESSONS 

The object lesson method was intro- 
duced to drill the child to see a thing 
accurately, not only as a whole but in de- 
tail, and to describe accurately what he 
saw. A book or a vase or some other ob- 
ject was held up before the class for a 




Leonard K. Beyer 

A mountain brook 

moment and then removed; afterwards 
the pupils described it as perfectly as pos- 
sible. This is an excellent exercise and the 
children usually enjoy it as if it were a 
game. But if the teacher has in mind the 
same thought when she is giving the na- 
ture-study lesson, she has little compre- 
hension of the meaning of the latter and 
the pupils will have less. In nature-study, 
it is not desirable that the child see all 
the details, but rather those details that 
have something to do with the life of the 
creature studied; if he sees that the grass- 
hopper has the hind legs much longer 
than the others, he will inevitably note 
that there are two other pairs of legs and he 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 



will in the meantime have come into an il- 
luminating comprehension of the reason 
the insect is called "grasshopper." The 
child should see definitely and accurately 
all that is necessary for the recognition 
of a plant or animal; but in nature-study, 
the observation of form is for the purpose 
of better understanding life. In fact, it is 
form linked with life, the relation of *' be- 
ing " to " doing." 

NATURE-STUDY IN THE SCHOOLROOM 
Many subjects for nature-study lessons 
may be brought into the schoolroom. 
Whenever it is possible, the pupils should 
themselves bring the material, as the col- 
lecting of it is an important part of the 



eEI 




A. I. Root Co. 

An observation beehive 

lesson. There should be in the school- 
room conveniences for caring for the little 
prisoners brought in from the field. A 
terrarium and breeding cages of different 
kinds should be provided for the insects, 
toads, and little mammals. Here they may 
live in comfort, when given their natural 
food, while the children observe their 
interesting ways. The ants' nest and the 
observation hive yield fascinating views 
of the marvelous lives of the insect so- 
cialists, while the cheerful prisoner in the 
bird cage may be made a constant illus- 
tration of the adaptations and habits of 
all birds. The aquaria for fishes, tadpoles, 
and insects afford the opportunity for con- 
tinuous study of these water creatures and 
are a never-failing source of interest to the 
pupils, while the window garden may be 
made not only an ornament and an aes- 



thetic delight, but a basis for interesting 
study of plant growth and development. 
A schoolroom thus equipped is a place 
of delight as well as enlightenment to 
the children. Once, a boy whose luxurious 
home was filled with all that money could 
buy and educated tastes select, said of a 
little nature-study laboratory which was 
in the unfinished attic of a school build- 
ing, but which was teeming with life, " I 
think this is the most beautiful room in 
the world." 

NATURE-STUDY AND MUSEUM 
SPECIMENS 

The matter of museum specimens is 
another question for the nature-study 
teacher to solve, and has a direct bearing 
on an attitude toward taking life. There 
are many who believe the stuffed bird or 
the case of pinned insects have no place 
in nature-study; and certainly these 
should not be the chief material. But 
let us use our common sense; the boy 
sees a bird in the woods or field and does 
not know its name; he seeks the bird in 
the museum and thus is able to place it 
and read about it and is stimulated to 
make other observations concerning it. 
Wherever the museum is a help to the 
study of life in the field, it is well and 
good. Some teachers may give a live les- 
son from a stuffed specimen, and other 
teachers may stuff their pupils with facts 
about a live specimen; of the two, the 
former is preferable. 

There is no question that making a col- 
lection of insects is an efficient way of 
developing the child's powers of close 
observation, as well as of giving him man- 
ual dexterity in handling fragile things. 
Also it is a false sentiment which attrib- 
utes to an insect the same agony at be- 
ing impaled on a pin that we might suffer 
at being thrust through by a stake. The 
insect nervous system is far more con- 
veniently arranged for such an ordeal than 
ours; and, too, the cyanide bottle brings 
immediate and painless death to the in- 
sects placed within it; moreover, the in- 
sects usually collected have short lives 
anyway. So far as the child is concerned, 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 




Mounted twigs and nuts. These may be put 
in the bottom, of a shallow box with a sheet of 
cellophane pasted over the top 

he is thinking of his collection of moths 
or butterflies and not at all of taking life; 
so it is not teaching him to wantonly 
destroy living creatures. However, an in- 
discriminate encouragement of the mak- 
ing of insect collections cannot be ad- 
vised. There are some children who will 
profit by it and some who will not, and 
unquestionably the best kind of study of 
insects is watching their interesting ways 
while they live. 

To kill a creature in order to prepare 
it for a nature-study lesson is not only 
wrong but absurd, for nature-study has to 
do with life rather than death, and the 
form of any creature is interesting only 
when its adaptations for life are studied. 
But again, a nature-study teacher may be 
an opportunist; if without any volition 
on her part or the pupils', a freshly killed 
specimen comes to hand, she should 
make the most of it. The writer remem- 
bers most illuminating lessons from a par- 
tridge that broke a window and its neck 



simultaneously during its flight one win- 
ter night, a yellow hammer that killed 
itself against an electric wire, and a musk- 
rat that turned its toes to the skies for 
no understandable reason. In each of 
these cases the creature's special physical 
adaptations for living its own peculiar life 
were studied, and the effect was not the 
study of a dead thing, but of a successful 
and wonderful life. 

THE LENS, MICROSCOPE, AND FIELD 
GLASS AS HELPS IN NATURE-STUDY 
In elementary grades, nature-study 
deals with objects which the children can 
see with the naked eye. However, a lens 
is a help in almost all of this work be- 
cause it is such a joy to the child to gaze 
at the wonders it reveals. There is no les- 
son given in this book which requires 
more than a simple lens for seeing the 
most minute parts discussed. An excel- 
lent lens may be bought for a dollar, 
and a fairly good one for fifty cents or 
even twenty-five cents. The lens should 
be chained to a table or desk where it 
may be used by the pupils at recess. This 
gives each an opportunity for using it and 
obviates the danger of losing it. If the 
pupils themselves own lenses, they should 
be fastened by a string or chain to the 
pocket. 

A microscope has no legitimate part in 
nature-study. But if there is one available, 
it reveals so many wonders in the com- 
monest objects that it can ofttimes be 




Bausch &amp; Lornb Optical Co. 

Hand lenses 



1O 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 




Bausch &amp; Lomb Optical Co. 

A field glass 

made a source of added interest. For 
instance, thus to see the scales on the 
butterfly's wing affords the child pleasure 
as well as edification. Field or opera 
glasses, while indispensable for bird study, 
are by no means necessary in nature- 
study. However, the pupils will show 
greater interest in noting the birds' colors 
if they are allowed to make the observa- 
tions with the help of a glass. 

USES OF PICTURES, CHARTS, AND 
BLACKBOARD DRAWINGS 

Pictures alone should never be used 
as the subjects for nature-study lessons, 
but they may be of great use in illustrat- 
ing and illuminating a lesson. Books well 
illustrated are more readily compre- 
hended by the child and are often very 
helpful to him, especially after his inter- 
est in the subject is thoroughly aroused. 
If charts are used to illustrate the lesson, 
the child is likely to be misled by the 
size of the drawing, which is also the case 
in blackboard pictures. However, this er- 
ror may be avoided by fixing the atten- 
tion of the pupil on the object first. If 
the pupils are studying the ladybird and 
have it in their hands, the teacher may 
use a diagram representing the beetle as 
a foot long and it will still convey the 
idea accurately; but if she begins with 
the picture, she probably can never con- 



vince the children that the picture has 
anything to do with the insect. 

In making blackboard drawings illus- 
trative of the lesson, it is best, if possible, 
to have one of the pupils do the drawing 
in the presence of the class; or, if the 
teacher does the drawing, she should hold 
the object in her hand while doing it 
and look at it often so that the children 
may see that she is trying to represent it 
accurately. Taking everything into con- 
sideration, however, nature-study charts 
and blackboard drawings are of little use 
to the nature-study teacher, 

THE USES OF SCIENTIFIC NAMES 

Disquieting problems relative to scien- 
tific nomenclature always confront the 
teacher of nature-study. My own practice 
has been to use the popular names of spe- 
cies, except in cases where confusion might 
ensue, and to use the scientific names for 
anatomical parts. However, this matter is 
of little importance if the teacher bears in 
mind that the purpose of nature-study 
is to know the subject under observation 
and to learn the name incidentally. 




Common tree frog or tree toad, Hyla versi- 
cplor versicolor. Another species, Hyla cru- 
cifer, is also often catted the tree frog and tree 
toad. Common names, then } will not distin- 
guish these amphibians one from another; 
the scientific names must be applied 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 



If the teacher says, " I have a pink he- 
patica. Can anyone find me a blue one? " 
the children, who naturally like grownup 
words, will soon be calling these flowers 
hepaticas. But if the teacher says, " These 
flowers are called hepaticas. Now please 
everyone remember the name. Write it 
in your books as I write it on the black- 
board, and in half an hour I shall ask you 
again what it is," the pupils naturally look 
upon the exercise as a word lesson and its 
real significance is Ipst. This sort of nature- 
study is dust and ashes and there has been 
too much of it. The child should never 
be required to learn the name of any- 
thing in the nature-study work; but the 
name should be used so often and so 
naturally in his presence that he will 
learn it without being conscious of the 
process. 

THE STORY AS A SUPPLEMENT TO 
THE NATURE-STUDY LESSON 

Many of the subjects for nature lessons 
can be studied only in part, since but one 
phase may be available at the time. Often, 
especially if there is little probability that 
the pupils will find opportunity to com- 
plete the study, it is best to round out 
their knowledge by reading or telling the 
story to supplement the facts which they 
have discovered for themselves. This 
story should not be told as a finality or 
as a complete picture but as a guide and 
inspiration for further study. Always 
leave at the end of the story an interroga- 
tion mark that will remain aggressive and 
insistent in the child's mind. To illus- 
trate: Once a club of junior naturalists 
brought me rose leaves injured by the leaf- 
cutter bee and asked me why the leaves 
were cut out so regularly. I told them the 
story of the use made by the mother bee 
of these oval and circular bits of leaves 
and made the account as vital as I was 
able; but at the end I said, " I do not 
know which species of bee cut these 
leaves. She is living here among us and 
building her nest with your rose leaves, 
which she is cutting every day almost 
under your very eyes. Is she then so 



11 

much more clever than you that you can- 
not see her or find her nest? " For two 
years following this lesson I received let- 
ters from members of this club. Two car- 
penter bees and their nests were discov- 
ered by them and studied before the 
mysterious leaf-cutter was finally ferreted 




The leaf-cutter bee 

out. My story had left something inter- 
esting for the young naturalists to dis- 
cover. The children should be impressed 
with the fact that the nature story is 
never finished. There is not a weed or 
an insect or a tree so common that the 
child, by observing carefully, may not see 
things never yet recorded in scientific 
books; therefore the supplementary story 
should be made an inspiration for keener 
interest and further investigation on the 
part of the pupil. The supplementary 
story simply thrusts aside some of the 
obscuring underbrush, thus revealing 
more plainly the path to further knowl- 
edge. 



THE NATURE-STUDY ATTITUDE 
TOWARD LIFE AXD DEATH 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 

but become a vegetarian, and even then 
there might arise refinements in this ques- 
tion of taking life; she might have to con- 
Perhaps no greater danger besets the sider the cruelty to asparagus in cutting 
pathwav of the natuie-studv teacher than it off in plump infancy, or the ethics of 
he question involved in her pupils 7 atti- devouring in the turnip the food laid up 
tude toward life and death. To inculcate by the mother plant to perfect her seed. 

In fact, a most rigorous diet would be 
forced upon the teacher who should re- 
fuse to sustain her own existence at the 
cost of life; and if she should attempt to 



in the child a reverence for life and yet 
to keep him from becoming mawkish 
and morbid is truly a problem. It is al- 
most inevitable that the child should be- 
come sympathetic with the life of the 
animal or plant studied, since a true un- 
derstanding of the life of any creature 
creates an interest which stimulates a de- 



teach the righteousness of such a diet 
she would undoubtedly forfeit her posi- 
tion; and yet what is she to do! She will 
soon find herself in the position of a cer- 



V-iV-aiA-a a.*! JLIJ.I_V*J.V*&lt;OI, &gt; 4.**^** kjtj.j.*^^.^-.-^- * 

sire to protect this particular creature and tain lady who placed sheets of sticky tty- 

. i . / i i *. r . _ "iT *__ ,-..r^^- st*-xMi&lt;t-t.ir[ T~/3-r "Ir-!+TT*l/an f 1 /^ Tirl Tlfr M mi Qf* 



make its life less hard. Many times, within 
my own experience, have I known boys, 
who began by robbing birds' nests for 
egg collections, to end by becoming most 
zealous protectors of the birds. The hu- 
mane qualities within these boys budded 
and blossomed in the growing knowledge 
of the lives of the birds. At Cornell Uni- 
versity, it is a well-known fact that those 
students who turn aside so as not to crush 
the ant, caterpillar, or cricket on the pave- 
ment are almost invariably those that are 
studying entomology 7 ; and in America it 
is the botanists themselves who are lead- 
ing the crusade for flower protection. 

Thus, the nature-study teacher, if she 
does her work well, is a sure aid in in- 
culcating a respect for the rights of all 
living beings to their own lives; and she 
needs only to lend her influence gently 
in this direction to change carelessness 
to thoughtfulness and cruelty to kindness. 
But with this impetus toward a reverence 
for life, the teacher soon finds herself in 
a dilemma from which there is no logical 
way out, so long as she lives in a world 
where Iamb chop, beefsteak, and roast 
chicken are articles of ordinary diet; a 
world in fact, where every meal is based 
upon the death of some creature. For if 
she places much emphasis upon the sa- 
credness of life, the children soon begin to 
question whether it be right to slay the 
lamb or the chicken for their own food. 
It would seem that there is nothing for 
the consistent nature-study teacher to do 



paper around her kitchen to rid her house 
of flies, and then in mental anguish picked 
off the buzzing, struggling victims and 
sought to clean their too adhesive wings 
and legs. 

In fact, drawing the line between what 
to kill and what to let live requires the 
use of common sense rather than logic. 
First of all, the nature-study teacher, while 
exemplifying and encouraging the hu- 
mane attitude toward the lower creatures, 
and repressing cruelty which wantonly 
causes suffering, should never magnify 
the terrors of death. Death is as natural 
as life and is the inevitable end of physical 
life on our globe. Therefore, every story 
and every sentiment expressed which 
makes the child feel that death is terrible 
is wholly wrong. The one right way to 
teach about death is not to emphasize it 
one way or another, but to deal with it 
as a circumstance common to all; it should 
be no more emphasized than the fact that 
creatures eat or fall asleep. 

Another thing for the nature-study 
teacher to do is to direct the interest of 
the child so that it shall center upon the 
hungry creature rather than upon the one 
which is made into the meal. It is well 
to emphasize that one of the conditions 
imposed upon every living being in the 
woods and fields is that if it is clever 
enough to get a meal it is entitled to one 
when it is hungry. The child naturally 
takes this view of it. I remember well 
that as a child I never thought particu- 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 



larly about the mouse which my cat 
was eating; in fact, the process of trans- 
muting mouse into cat seemed altogether 
proper, but when the cat played with the 
mouse, that was quite another thing, and 
was never permitted. Although no one ap- 
preciates more deeply than I the debt 
which we owe to Thompson Seton and 
writers of his kind, who have placed be- 
fore the public the animal story from the 
animal point of view and thus set us all 
to thinking, yet it is certainly wrong to 
impress this view too strongly upon the 
young and sensitive child. In fact, this 
process should not begin until the judg- 
ment and the understanding are well de- 
veloped, for we all know that although 
seeing the other fellow's standpoint is a 
source of strength and breadth of mind, 
yet living the other fellow 7 s life is, at 
best, an enfeebling process and a futile 
waste of energy. 

SHOULD THE NATURE-STUDY TEACHER 
TEACH How TO DESTROY LIFE? 

It is probably within the proper scope 
of the nature-study teacher to place em- 
phasis upon the domain of man, who, be- 
ing the most powerful of all animals, as- 
serts his will as to which ones shall live in 
his midst. From a standpoint of abstract 
justice, the stray cat has just as much 
right to kill and eat the robin which 
builds in the vine of my porch as the 
robin has to pull and eat the earth- 
worms from my lawn; but the place is 
mine, and I choose to kill the cat and pre- 
serve the robin. 

When emphasizing the domain of 
man, we may have to deal with the kill- 
ing of creatures which are injurious to 
his interests. Nature-study may be tribu- 
tary to this, in a measure and indirectly, 
but the study of this question is surely 
not nature-study. For example, the child 
studies the cabbage butterfly in all its 
stages, the exquisitely sculptured yellow 
egg, the velvety green caterpillar, the 
chrysalis with its protecting colors, the 
white-winged butterfly, and becomes in- 
terested in the life of the insect. Not 
under any consideration, when the atten- 



tion of the child is focused on the insect, 
should we suggest a remedy for it when 
it becomes a pest. Let the life story of the 
butterfly stand as a fascinating page of 
nature's book. But later, when the child 
enters on his career as a gardener, when 
he sets out his row of cabbage plants and 
waters and cultivates them, and does his 
best to bring them to maturity, along 
conies the butterfly, now an arch enemy, 
and begins to rear her progeny on the 
product of his toil. Now the child's in- 
terest is focused on the cabbage, and the 
question is not one of killing insects so 
much as of saving plants. In fact there is 
nothing in spraying the plants with Paris 
green which suggests cruelty to innocent 
caterpillars, nor is the process likely to 
harden the child's sensibilities. 

To gain knowledge of the life stow of 
insects or other creatures is nature-study. 
To destroy them as pests is a part of agri- 
culture or horticulture. The one may be 
of fundamental assistance to the other, 
but the two are quite separate and should 
never be confused. 

THE FIELD NOTEBOOK 

A field notebook may be made a joy 
to the pupil and a help to the teacher. 
Any kind of blank book will do for this, 
except that it should not be too large to 
be carried in the pocket, and it should 
always have the pencil attached. To make 
the notebook a success the following rules 
should be observed: 

(a) The book should be considered 
the personal property of the child and 
should never be criticized by the teacher 
except as a matter of encouragement; for 
the spirit in which the notes are made is 
more important than the information 
they cover. 

(b) The making of drawings to illus- 
trate what is observed should be encour- 
aged. A graphic drawing is far better than 
a long description of a natural object. 

(c) The notebook should not be re- 
garded as a part of the work in English. 
The spelling, language, and writing of the 
notes should all be exempt from criticism. 

(d) As occasion offers, outlines for ob- 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 



. a.73. 




297 




t f 



J a r* u 



t t 




TWk-s. 

3- 



To 



L 



A page from the field notebook of a boy of fourteen who read Thoreau and admired the books 

of Ernest Thompson Seton 



serving certain plants or animals may be 
placed in the notebook previous to the 
field excursion so as to give definite points 
for the work. 

(e) No child should be compelled to 
have a notebook. 

The field notebook is a veritable gold 
mine for the nature-study teacher to work. 



in securing voluntary and happy observa- 
tions from the pupils concerning their 
out-of-door interests. It is a friendly gate 
which admits the teacher to a knowledge 
of what the child sees and cares for. 
Through it she may discover where the 
child's attention impinges upon the 
realm of nature and thus may know 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 




A brook in winter 

where to find the starting point for cul- 
tivating larger intelligence and wider in- 
terest. 

I have examined many field notebooks 
kept by pupils in the intermediate grades 
and have been surprised at their pleni- 
tude of accurate observation and graphic 
illustration. These books ranged from 
blank account books furnished by the 
family grocer up to a quarto, the pages of 
which were adorned with many marginal 
illustrations made in passionate admira- 
tion of Thompson Seton's books and 
filled with carefully transcribed text that 
showed the direct influence of Thoreau. 
These books, of whatever quality, are pre- 
cious beyond price to their owners. And 
why not? For they represent what cannot 
be bought or sold, personal experience in 
the happy world of out-of-doors. 

THE FIELD EXCURSION 
Many teachers look upon the field ex- 
cursion as a precarious voyage, steered be- 
tween the Scylla of hilarious seeing too 
much and the Charybdis of seeing noth- 
ing at all because of the zest which comes 
from freedom in the fields and wood. 
This danger can be obviated if the teacher 
plans the work definitely before starting, 
and demands certain results. 

It is a mistake to think that a half day 
is necessary for a field lesson, since a very 



efficient field trip may be made during the 
ten or fifteen minutes at recess, If it is~well 
planned. Certain questions and lines of 
investigation should be given the pupils 

before starting and given in such a man- 
ner as to make them thoroughly inter- 
ested in discovering the facts ^ A "certain 

teacher in New York State lias studied all 
the common plants and trees in the vi- 
cinity- of her school by means of these re- 
cess excursions and the pupils have been 
enthusiastic about the work. 

The half-hour excursion should be pre- 
ceded by a talk concerning the purposes 
of the outing and the pupils must know 
that certain observations are to be made 
or they will not be permitted to go again. 
This should not be emphasized as a pun- 
ishment; but they should be made to un- 
derstand that a field excursion is only, 
naturally enough, for those who wish to 
see and understand outdoor life. For all 
field work, the teacher should make use 
of the field notebook which should be 
a part of the pupils" equipment. 

PETS AS NATURE-STUDY SUBJECTS 
Little attention has been given to mak- 
ing the child understand what would be 
the lives of his pets if they were in their 
native environment, or to relating their 
habits and lives as wild animals. Almost 
any pet, if properly observed, affords an 
admirable opportunity for understanding 
the reasons why its structure and peculiar 
habits may have made it successful among 
other creatures and in other lands. 
Moreover., the actions and the daily 




W. J. Hamilton, Jr. 



Young woodchucks 



i6 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 



life of the pet make interesting subject 
matter for a notebook. The lessons on 
the dog, rabbit and horse as given in this 
volume may suggest methods for such 
stud}', and with apologies that it is not 
better and more interesting, I have placed 
with the story of the squirrel a few pages 
from one of my own notebooks regard- 
ing my experiences with " Furry." I in- 
clude this record as a suggestion for the 
children that they should keep notebooks 
of their pets. It will lead them to closer 
observation and to a better and more nat- 
ural expression of their experiences. 

THE CORRELATION OF NATURE-STUDY 
WITH LANGUAGE WORK 

Nature-study should be so much a part 
of the child's thought and interest that it 
will naturally form a thought core for 
other subjects quite unconsciously on his 
part. In fact, there is one safe rule for cor- 
relation in this case it is legitimate and 
excellent training as long as the pupil does 
not discover that he is correlating. But 
there is something in human nature which 
revolts against doing one thing to accom- 
plish quite another. A boy once said to 
me, " I'd rather never go on a field ex- 
cursion than to have to write it up for 
English/' a sentiment I sympathized with 
keenly; ulterior motive is sickening to the 
honest spirit. But if that same boy had 
been a member of a field class and had en- 
joyed all the new experiences and had 
witnessed the interesting things discov- 
ered on this excursion, and if later his 
teacher had asked him to write for her 
an account of some part of it, because 
she wished to know what he had discov- 
ered, the chances are that he would have 
written his story joyfully and with a 
certain pride that would have counted 
much for achievement in word expres- 
sion. 

When Mr. John Spencer, known to so 
many children in New York State as 
" Uncle John," was conducting the Junior 
Naturalist Clubs, the teachers allowed 
letters to him to count for language ex- 
ercises; and the eagerness with which 



these letters were written should have 
given the teachers the key to the proper 
method of teaching English. Mr. Spencer 
requested the teachers not to correct the 
letters, because he wished the children 
to be thinking about the subject matter 
rather than the form of expression. But 
so anxious were many of the pupils to 
make their letters perfect that they ear- 
nestly requested their teachers to help 
them write correctly, which was an ideal 
condition for teaching them English. 
Writing letters to Uncle John was such 
a joy to the pupils that it was used as a 
privilege and a reward of merit in many 
schools. One rural teacher reduced the 
percentage of tardiness to a minimum by 
giving the first period in the morning to 
the work in English which consisted of 
letters to Uncle John. 

Why do pupils dislike writing English 
exercises? Simply because they are not 
interested in the subject they are asked 
to write about, and they know that the 
teacher is not interested in the informa- 
tion contained in the essay. But when 
they are interested in the subject and 
write about it to a person who is inter- 
ested, the conditions are entirely changed. 
If the teacher, overwhelmed as she is by 
work and perplexities, could only keep in 
mind that the purpose of a language is, 
after all, merely to convey ideas, some of 
her perplexities would fade away. A con- 
veyance naturally should be fitted for the 
load it is to carry, and if the pupil ac- 
quires the load first he is very likely to 
construct a conveyance that will be ade- 
quate. How often the conveyance is made 
perfect through much effort and polished 
through agony of spirit and the load en- 
tirely forgotten! 

Nature-study lessons give much excel- 
lent subject matter for stories and essays, 
but these essays should never be criticized 
or defaced with the blue pencil. They 
should be read with interest by the 
teacher; the mistakes made in them, so 
transformed as to be unrecognizable, may 
be used for drill exercises in grammatical 
construction. After all, grammar and spell- 
ing are only gained by practice and there 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 



is no royal road leading to their acquire- 
ment. 

THE CORRELATION OF NATURE-STUDY 
AND DRAWING 

The correlation of nature-study and 
drawing is so natural and inevitable that 
it needs never be revealed to the pupil. 
When the child is interested in studying 
any object, he enjoys illustrating his ob- 
servations with drawings; the happy ab- 

r " ~~' 




A mounted fern. A pressed dry fern placed 
on a layer of cotton batting backed by card- 
board is covered with a sheet of cellophane 
and is slipped into an envelope from which a 
panel has been cut 

sorption of children thus engaged is a 
delight to witness. At its best, drawing is 
a perfectly natural method of self-expres- 
sion. The savage and the young child, 
both untutored, seek to express them- 
selves and their experiences by this means. 
It is only when the object to be drawn 
is foreign to the interest of the child that 
drawing is a task. 

Nature-study offers the best means for 
bridging the gap that lies between the 



kindergarten child who makes drawings 
because he loves to and is impelled to 
from within, and the pupil in the grades 
who is obliged to draw what the teacher 
places before him. From making crude 
and often meaningless pencil strokes, 
which is the entertainment of the voting 
child, to the outlining of a leaf or some 
other simple and interesting natural ob- 
ject is a normal step full of interest for 
the child because it is still self-expression. 

Miss Man" E. Hill, formerly of the 
Goodyear School of Syracuse, s;ave each 
year an exhibition of the drawings made 
by the children in the nature-study classes; 
and these were universally so excellent 
that most people regarded them as an 
exhibition from the art department; and 
yet many of these pupils never had had 
lessons in drawing. They had learned to 
draw because they liked to make pictures 
of the living objects which they had 
studied. One year there were in this ex- 
hibit many pictures of toads in various 
stages, and although their anatomy was 
sometimes awry in the pictures, yet there 
was a certain vivid expression of life in 
their representation; one felt that the 
toads could jump. Miss Hill allowed the 
pupils to choose their own medium, pen- 
cil, crayon, or water color, and said that 
they seemed to feel which was best. For 
instance, when drawing the outline of 
trees in winter they chose pencil, but when 
representing the trill iuni or iris they pre- 
ferred the water color, while for bitter- 
sweet and crocuses they chose the colored 
crayons. 

It is through this method of drawing 
that which interests him that the child 
retains and keeps as his own what should 
be an inalienable right, a graphic method 
of expressing his own impressions. Too 
much have we emphasized drawing as art 
art; it may be an art, if the one who draws 
is an artist; but if he is not an artist, he 
still has a right to draw if it pleases him 
to do so. We might as well declare that 
a child should not speak unless he put 
his words into poetry, as to declare that 
he should not draw because his drawings 
are not artistic. 



i8 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 



THE CORRELATION OF NATURE-STUDY 
WITH GEOGRAPHY 

Life depends upon its environment. 
Geographical conditions and limitations 
have shaped the mold into which plastic 
life has been poured and by which its 
form has been modified. It may be easy 
for the untrained mind to see how the 
deserts and oceans affect life. Cattle may 
not roam in the former because there is 




U. S. Geological Survey Photo by W. G. Pierce 

A meandering stream 

nothing there for them to eat, nor may 
they occupy the latter because they are 
not fitted for breathing air in the water. 
And yet the camel can endure thirst and 
live on the scant food of the desert; and 
the whale is a mammal fitted to live in 
the sea. The question is, how are we to 
impress the child with the " have to " 
which lies behind all these geographical 
facts? If animals live in the desert they 
have to subsist on scant and peculiar food 
which grows there; they have to get along 
with little water; they have to endure heat 
and sand storms; they have to have eyes 
that will not become blinded by the vivid 
reflection of the sunlight on the sand; they 
have to be of sand color so that they may 
escape the eyes of their enemies or creep 
upon their prey unperceived. 

All these " have to's " are not mere 
chance, but they have existed so long that 
the animal, by constantly coming in con- 
tact with them, has attained its present 
form and habits. 

There are just as many " have to's " in 
the stream or the pond back of the school- 
house, on the dry hillside behind it, or 
in the woods beyond the creek as there 
are in desert or ocean; and when the child 



gets an inkling of this fact, he has made 
a great step into the realm of geography. 
When he realizes why water lilies can 
grow only in still water that is not too 
deep and which has a silt bottom, and 
why the cattails grow in swamps where 
there is not too much water, and why the 
mullein grows in the dry pasture, and 
why the hepatica thrives in the rich, 
damp woods, and why the daisies grow 
in the meadows, he will understand that 
this partnership of nature and geography 
illustrates the laws which govern life. 
Many phases of physical geography be- 
long to the realm of nature-study: the 
brook, its course, its work of erosion and 
sedimentation; the rocks of many kinds, 
the soil, the climate, the weather, are all 
legitimate subjects for nature-study les- 
sons. 

THE CORRELATION OF NATURE-STUDY 
WITH HISTORY 

There are many points where nature- 
study impinges upon history in a way 
that may prove the basis for an inspiring 
lesson. Many of our weeds, cultivated 
plants, and domestic animals have been 
introduced from Europe and are a part of 
our colonial history; while many of the 
most commonly seen creatures have played 
their part in the history of ancient times. 
For instance, the bees which gave to man 
the only means available to him for sweet- 
ening his food until the iyth century, were 
closely allied to the home life of ancient 
peoples. The buffalo which ranged our 
western plains had much to do with the 
life of the red man. The study of the grass- 
hopper brings to the child's attention 
stories of the locusts' invasion mentioned 
in the Bible, and the stars which witnessed 
our creation and of which Job sang and 
the ancients wrote, shine over our heads 
every night. 

But the trees, through the lengthy span 
of their lives, cover more history individu- 
ally than do other organisms. In glancing 
across the wood-covered hills of New 
York one often sees there, far above the 
other trees, the gaunt crowns of old white 
pines. Such trees belonged to the forest 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 



primeval and may have attained the age 
of two centuries; they stand there look- 
ing out over the world, relics of another 
age when America belonged to the red 
man, and the bear and the panther played 
or fought beneath them. The cedars live 




The Arnold Arboretum 

The Endicott pear tree. This tree was 
planted by Governor John Endicott in his 
garden in Salem, Massachusetts, in 1630. 
George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and 
Daniel Webster enjoyed the fruit of this 
patriarchal tree. Sprouts, shown above, from 
the old tree still bear 

longer than do the pines, and the great 
scarlet oak may have attained the age of 
four centuries before it yields to fate. 

Perhaps in no other way can the atten- 
tion of the pupil be turned so naturally 
to past events as through the thought 
that the life of such a tree has spanned 
so much of human history. The life his- 
tory of one of these ancient trees should 
be made the center of local history; let 
the pupils find when the town was first 
settled by the whites and where they came 
from, and how large the tree was then; 
what Indian tribes roamed the woods be- 
fore that and what animals were common 
in the forest when this tree was a sapling. 
Thus may be brought out the chief events 
in the history of the county and town- 
ship, when they were established and for 



whom or what they were named; and a 
comparison of the present industries may 
be made with those of a hundred years 
ago. 

THE CORRELATION OF NATURE-STUDY 
WITH ARITHMETIC 

The arithmetical problems presented 
by nature-study are many; some of them 
are simple and some of them are com- 
plicated, and all of them are illuminating. 
Seed distribution especially lends itself to 
computation; a milkweed pod contains 
140 seeds; there are five such pods on 
one plant; each milkweed plant requires 
at least one square foot of ground to grow 
on; how much ground would be required 
to grow all of the seeds from this one 
plant? Or, count the seeds in one dande- 
lion head, multiply by the number of 
flower heads on the plant and estimate 
how many plants can grow on a square 
foot, then ask a boy how long it would 
take for one dandelion plant to cover his 



i 






W. C. Muenscher 

A red cedar and its seedlings 

father's farm with its progeny; or count 
the blossoms on one branch of an apple 
tree, later count the ripened fruit; what 
percentage of blossoms matured into fruit? 
Measuring trees, their height and thick- 
ness and computing the lumber they will 
make combines arithmetic and geometry, 
and so on ad infinitum. 



2 o THE TEACHING OF 

As a matter of fact, the teacher will 
find in almost every nature lesson an 
arithmetic lesson; and when arithmetic 
is used in this work, it should be vital and 
inherent and not " tacked on "; the pu- 
pils should be really interested in the an- 
swers to their problems; and as with all 
correlation, the success of it depends upon 
the genius of the teacher. 

GARDENING AND NATURE-STUDY 
Erroneously, some people maintain 
that gardening is nature-study; this is not 
so necessarily nor ordinarily. Gardening 
may be a basis for nature-study, but it is 
rarely made so to any great extent. Even 
the work in children's gardens is so con- 
ducted that the pupils know little or 
nothing of the flowers or vegetables which 
they grow except their names, their uses 
to man, and how to cultivate them. They 
are taught how to prepare the soil, but 
the reason for this from the plant's stand- 
point is never revealed; and if the child 
becomes acquainted with the plants in 
his garden, he makes the discovery by 
himself. All this is nothing against gar- 
dening! It is a wholesome and valuable 
experience for a child to learn how to 
make a garden even if he remains ignorant 
of the interesting facts concerning the 
plants which he there cultivates. But if 
the teachers are so inclined, they may 
find in the garden and its products the 
most interesting material for the best of 
nature lessons. Every plant the child 
grows is an individual with its own pe- 
culiarities as well as those of its species 
in manner of growth. Its roots, stems, and 
leaves are of certain form and structure; 
and often the special uses to the plant of 
its own kind of leaves, stems, and roots 
are obvious. Each plant has its own form 
of flower and even its own tricks for se- 
curing pollination; and its own manner of 
developing and scattering its seeds. Every 
weed of the garden has developed some 
special method of winning and holding 
its place among the cultivated plants; and 
in no other way can the child so fully 
and naturally come into a comprehension 
of that term " the survival of the fittest " 



NATURE-STUDY 

as by studying the ways of the fit as exem- 
plified in the triumphant weeds of his 
garden. 

Every earthworm working below the 
soil is doing something for the garden. 
Every bee that visits the flowers there is 
on an errand for the garden as well as for 
herself. Every insect feeding on leaf or 
root is doing something to the garden. 
Every bird that nests near by or that ever 
visits it, is doing something which affects 
the life and the growth of the garden. 
What all of these uninvited guests are 
doing is one field of garden nature-study. 
Aside from all this study of individual 
life in the garden, which even the young- 
est child may take part in, there are the 
more advanced lessons on the soil. What 
kind of soil is it? From what sort of rock 
was it formed? What renders it mellow 
and fit for the growing of plants? More- 
over, what do the plants get from it? How 
do they get it? What do they do with 
what they get? 

This leads to the subject of plant physi- 
ology, the elements of which may be 
taught simply by experiments carried on 
by the children themselves, experiments 
which should demonstrate the sap cur- 
rents in the plant; the use of water to 




carry food and to make the plant rigid; 
the use of sunshine in making the plant 
food in the leaf laboratories; the nourish- 
ment provided for the seed and its germi- 
nation, and many other similar lessons. 

A child who makes a garden, and thus 
becomes intimate with the plants he cul- 
tivates, and comes to understand the in- 
terrelation of the various forms of life 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 



21 



which he finds in his garden, has pro- 
gressed far in the fundamental knowledge 
of nature's ways as well as in a practical 
knowledge of agriculture. 

NATURE-STUDY AND AGRICULTURE 
Luckily, thumb-rule agriculture is be- 
ing pushed to the wall in these enlight- 
ened days. Thumb rules would work 
much better if nature did not vary her 
performances in such a confusing way. 
Government experiment stations were es- 
tablished because thumb rules for farm- 
ing were unreliable and disappointing; 
and all the work of all the experiment 
stations has been simply advanced nature- 
study and its application to the practice 
of agriculture. Both nature-study and ag- 
riculture are based upon the study of life 
and the physical conditions which en- 
courage or limit life; this is known to the 
world as the study of the natural sciences; 
and if we see clearly the relation of nature- 
study to science, we may understand 
better the relation of nature-study to ag- 
riculture, which is based upon the sciences. 
Nature-study is science brought home. 
It is a knowledge of botany, zoology, and 
geology as illustrated in the dooryard, the 
cornfield or the woods back of the house. 
Some people have an idea that to know 
these sciences one must go to college; 
they do not understand that nature has 
furnished the material and laboratories 
on every farm in the land. Thus, by be- 
ginning with the child in nature-study we 
take him to the laboratory of the wood 
or garden, the roadside or the field, and 
his materials are the wild flowers or the 





Marion E. Wesp 



A wheat shock 



Dept. of Agronomy, N. Y. State College of Agriculture 

A meadow at harvest time 

weeds, or the insects that visit the golden- 
rod or the bird that sings in the maple 
tree, or the woodchuck whistling in the 
pasture. The child begins to study living 
things anywhere or everywhere, and his 
progress is always along the various tracks 
laid down by the laws of life, along which 
his work as an agriculturist must always 
progress if it is to be successful. 

The child through nature-study learns 
the way a plant grows, whether it be an 
oak, a turnip, or a pigweed; he learns how 
the roots of each are adapted to its needs; 
how the leaves place themselves to get 
the sunshine and why they need it; and 
how the flowers get their pollen carried 
by the bee or the wind; and how the 
seeds are finally scattered and planted. 
Or he learns about the life of the bird, 
whether it be a chicken, an owl, or a 
bobolink; he knows how each bird gets 
its food and what its food is, where it 
lives, where it nests, and its relation to 
other living things. He studies the bum- 
blebee and discovers its great mission of 
pollen-carrying for many flowers, and in 
the end would no sooner strike it dead 
than he would voluntarily destroy his 
clover patch. This is the kind of learn- 
ing we call nature-study and not science 
or agriculture. But the country child can 
never learn anything in nature-study that 
has not something to do with science, and 
that has not its own practical lesson for 
him, when he shall become a farmer. 

Some have argued, " Why not make 
nature-study solely along the lines of agri- 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 



22 

culture? Why should not the child begin 
nature-study with the cabbage rather than 
with the wild flowers?'' This argument 
carried out logically provides recreation 
for a boy in hoeing corn rather than in 
playing ball. Many parents in the past 
have argued thus and have, in conse- 
quence, driven thousands of splendid 
boys from the country to the city with a 
loathing in their souls for the drudgery 
which seemed all there was to farm life. 
The reason the wild flowers may be se- 
lected for beginning the nature-study of 
plants is that every child loves these wood- 
land posies, and his happiest hours are 
spent in gathering them. Never yet have 
we known of a case where a child, having 
gained his knowledge of the way a plant 
lives through studying the plants he loves, 
has failed to be interested and delighted 
to find that the wonderful things he dis- 
covered about his wild flower may be true 
of the vegetable in the garden, or the 
purslane which fights with it for ground 
to stand upon. 

Some have said, " We, as farmers, care 
only to know what concerns our pocket- 
books; we wish only to study those things 
which we must, as farmers, cultivate or 
destroy. We do not care for the butterfly, 
but we wish to know the plum weevil; we 
do not care for the trillium, but we are 
interested in the onion; we do not care 
for the meadowlark, but we cherish the 
gosling." This is an absurd argument 
since it is a mental impossibility for any 
human being to discriminate between 
two things when he knows or sees only 
one. In order to understand the impor- 
tant economic relations to the world of 
one plant or animal, it is absolutely nec- 
essary to have a wide knowledge of other 
plants and animals. One might as well 
say, " I will see the approaching cyclone, 
but never look at the sky; I will look at the 
clover, but not see the dandelion; I will 
look for the sheriff when he comes over 
the hill, but will not see any other team 
on the road." 

Nature-study is an effort to make the 
individual use his senses instead of losing 
them; to train him to keep his eyes open 



to all things so that his powers of dis- 
crimination shall be based on wisdom. 
The ideal farmer is not the man who by 
hazard and chance succeeds; he is the 
man who loves his farm and all that sur- 
rounds it because he is awake to the 
beauty as well as to the wonders which 
are there; he is the man who understands 
as far as may be the great forces of nature 
which are at work around him, and there- 
fore he is able to make them work for 
him. For what is agriculture save a diver- 
sion of natural forces for the benefit of 
man! The farmer who knows these forces 
only when restricted to his paltry crops, 
and has no idea of their larger application, 
is no more efficient as a farmer than a man 
who knew only how to start and stop an 
engine would be as an engineer. 

In order to appreciate truly his farm, 
the farmer must needs begin as a child 
with nature-study; in order to be success- 
ful and make the farm pay, he must needs 
continue in nature-study; and to make his 
declining years happy, content, full of 
wide sympathies and profitable thought, 
he must needs conclude with nature- 
study; for nature-study is the alphabet of 
agriculture and no word in that great vo- 
cation may be spelled without it. 

NATURE-STUDY CLUBS 

The organizing by the pupils of a club 
for studying out-of-door life is a great help 
and inspiration to the work in nature-study 
in the classroom. The essays and the talks 
before the club prove efficient aid in Eng- 
lish composition; and the varied interests 
of the members of the club furnish new 
and vital material for study. A button or a 
badge may be designed for the club and, 
of course, it must have a constitution and 
bylaws. The proceedings of the club meet- 
ings should be conducted according to 
parliamentary rules; but the field excur- 
sions should be entirely informal. 

The meetings of the Junior Naturalists 
Clubs, as organized in the schools of New 
York State by Mr. John W. Spencer, 
were most impressive. The school session 
would be brought to a close, the teacher 
stepping down and taking a seat with the 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 



pupils. The president of the club, some 
bashful boy or slender slip of a girl, 
would take the chair and conduct the 
meeting with a dignity and efficiency 
worthy of a statesman. The order was per- 
fect, the discussion much to the point. 
I confess to a feeling of awe when I at- 
tended these meetings, conducted so seri- 
ously and so formally, by such youngsters. 
Undoubtedly, the parliamentary training 
and experience in speaking impromptu are 
among the chief benefits of such a club. 
These clubs may be organized for spe- 
cial study. In one bird club of which I 
know there have been contests. Sides 
were chosen and the number of birds seen 



from May i to 31 inclusive was the 
test of supremacy. Notes on the birds 
were taken in the field with such care 
that, when at the end of the month each 
member handed in his notes, they could 
be used as evidence of accurate identifica- 
tion. An umpire decided the doubtful 
points with the help of bird manuals. The 
contest was always close and exciting. 

The programs of the nature club should 
be varied so as to be continually interest- 
ing. Poems and stories concerning the 
objects studied help make the program 
attractive. Observing nature, however, 
should be the central theme of all 
meetings. 



HOW TO USE THIS BOOK 



First and indispensably, the teacher 
should have at hand the subject of the 
lesson. She should make herself familiar 
with the points covered by the questions 
and read the story before giving the les- 
son. If she does not have the time to go 
over the observations suggested before 
giving the lesson, she should take up the 
questions with the pupils as a joint inves- 
tigation, and be boon companion in dis- 
covering the story. 

The story should not be read to the 
pupils. It is given as an assistance to the 
teacher, and is not meant for direct in- 
formation to the pupils. If the teacher 
knows a fact in nature's realm, she is then 
in a position to lead her pupils to dis- 
cover this fact for themselves. 

Make the lesson an investigation and 
make the pupils feel that they are in- 
vestigators. To tell the story to begin 
with inevitably spoils this attitude and 
quenches interest. 

The "leading thought" embodies 
some of the points which should be in 
the teacher's mind while giving the les- 
son; it should not be read or declared to 
the pupils. 

The outlines for observations herein 
given by no means cover all of the ob- 
servations possible; they are meant to sug- 



gest to the teacher observations of her 
own, rather than to be followed slavishly. 
The suggestions for observations have 
been given in the form of questions, 
merely for the sake of saving space. The 
direct questioning method, if not em- 
ployed with discretion, becomes tiresome 




Marion E. Wesp 

to both pupil and teacher. If the ques- 
tions do not inspire the child to investi- 
gate, they are useless. To grind out an- 
swers to questions about any natural 
object is not nature-study, it is simply 
" grind," a form of mental activity which 
is of much greater use when applied to 
spelling or the multiplication table than 
to the study of nature. The best teacher 
will cover the points suggested for ob- 
servations with few direct questions. To 
those who find the questions inadequate I 



THE TEACHING OF NATURE-STUDY 



will say that, although I have used these 
outlines once, I am sure I should never be 
able to use them again without making 
changes. 




A hickory tree 



Marion E. Wesp 



The topics chosen for these lessons may 
not be the most practical or the most 
interesting or the most enlightening 
that are to be found; they are simply 
those subjects which I have used in my 
classes, because we happened to find them 
at hand the mornings the lessons were 
given. 

While an earnest attempt has been 
made to make the information in this 
book accurate, it is to be expected and to 
be hoped that many discrepancies will 
be found by those who follow the lessons. 
No two animals or plants are just alike, 
and no two people see things exactly the 
same way. The chief aim of this volume 
is to encourage investigation rather than 
to give information. Therefore, if mis- 
takes are found, the object of the book 
will have been accomplished, and the 
author will feel deeply gratified. If the 
teacher finds that the observations made 
by her and her pupils do not agree with 
the statements in the book, I earnestly 
enjoin upon her to trust to her own eyes 
rather than to any book. 

No teacher is expected to teach all the 
lessons in this book. A wide rarige of 
subjects is given, so that congenial choice 
may be made. 



PART II 
ANIMALS 



ANIMAL GROUPS 



For some inexplicable reason, the word 
animal ? in common parlance, is restricted 
to the mammals. As a matter of fact, the 
bird, the fish, the insect, and the snake 
have as much right to be called animals as 
the squirrel or the deer. And while I be- 
lieve that much freedom in the matter of 
scientific nomenclature is permissible in 
nature-study, I also believe that it is well 
for the child to have a clearly defined idea 
of the classes into which the animal king- 
dom is divided; I would have him gain 
this knowledge by noting how one animal 



differs from another rather than by study- 
ing the classification of animals in books. 
He sees that the fish differs in many ways 
from the bird and that the toad differs 
from the snake; and it will be easy for 
him to grasp the fact that the mammals 
differ from all other animals in that their 
young are nourished by milk from the 
breasts of the mother; when he appreci- 
ates this, he will understand that such 
diverse forms as the whale, the cow, the 
bat, and man are members of one great 
class of animals. 



BIRDS 




Young phoebes that have just left the nest 



The reason for studying any bird is to 
ascertain what it does; in order to accom- 
plish this, it is necessary to know what 
the bird is, learning what it is being 
simply a step that leads to a knowledge 
of what it does. But, to hear some of our 
bird devotees talk, one would think that 
to be able to identify a bird is all of bird 
study. On the contrary, the identification 
of birds is simply the alphabet to the real 
study, the alphabet by means of which 
we may spell out the life habits of the 
bird. To know these habits is the ambition 
of the true ornithologist, and should like- 
wise be the ambition of the beginner, 
even though the beginner be a young 
child. 

Several of the most common birds have 
been selected as subjects for lessons in 
this book; other common birds, like the 
phosbe and the wrens, have been purposely 
omitted; after the children have studied 
the birds, as indicated in the lessons, they 
will enjoy working out lessons for them- 
selves with other birds. Naturally, the se- 
quence of these lessons does not follow 
scientific classification; in the first lessons, 
an attempt has been made to lead the 



child gradually into a knowledge of bird 
life. Beginning with the chicken there fol- 
low naturally the lessons with pigeons and 
the canary; then there follow the careful 
and detailed study of the robins and con^ 
stant comparison of them with the blue- 
birds. This is enough for the first year 
in the primary grades. The next year the 
work begins with the birds that remain 
the North during the winter, the 



m 




Leonard K. Beyer 

A family of cedar waxwings 



28 

chickadee, nuthatch, and downy wood- 
pecker. After these have been studied care- 
fully, the teacher may be an opportunist 
when spring comes and select any of the 
lessons when the bird subjects are at hand. 
The classification suggested for the wood- 
peckers and the swallows is for more ad- 
vanced pupils, as are the lessons on the 
geese and turkeys. It is to be hoped that 
these lessons will lead the child directly to 
the use of the bird books, of which there 
are many excellent ones; for these, see the 
bibliography. 

BEGINNING BIRD STUDY IN THE 
PRIMARY GRADES 

The hen is especially adapted as an ob- 
ject lesson for the young beginner of bird 
study. First of all, she is a bird, notwith- 
standing the adverse opinions of two of 
my small pupils who stoutly maintained 
that " a robin is a bird, but a hen is a hen/ 7 
Moreover, the hen is a bird always avail- 
able for nature-study; she looks askance 
at us from the crates of the world's 
marts; she comes to meet us in the coun- 
try barnyard, stepping toward us sedately; 
looking at us earnestly with one eye, then 




Leonard K. Beyer 

A redstart at her nest 

turning her head so as to check up her 
observations with the other; meantime 
she asks us a little question in a whee- 
dling, soft tone, which we understand per- 
fectly to mean, " Have you perchance 



ANIMALS 

but she is a bird with problems; and by 
studying her carefully we may be intro- 
duced into the very heart and center of 
bird life. 

This lesson may be presented in two 
ways : First, if the pupils live in the coun- 
try, where they have poultry at home, the 
whole series of lessons may best be accom- 
plished through talks by the teacher, fol- 
lowed on the part of the children by ob- 
servations to be made at home. The re- 
sults of these observations should be given 
in school in oral or written lessons. Sec- 
ond, if the pupils are not familiar with 
fowls, a hen and a chick, if possible, should 
be kept in a cage in the schoolroom for a 
few days, and a duck or gosling should be 
brought in one day for observation. The 
crates in which fowls are sent to market 
make very good cages. One of the teachers 
of the Elmira, N. Y. schools introduced 
into the basement of the schoolhouse a 
hen, which there hatched her brood of 
chicks, much to the children's delight and 
edification. After the pupils have become 
thoroughly interested in the hen and are 
familiar with her ways, after they have feel 
her and watched her, and have for her a 
sense of ownership, the following lessons 
may be given in an informal manner, as if 
they were naturally suggested to the 
teacher's mind through watching the fowl. 

SUGGESTED READING Audubon Bird 
Cards, by Allan Brooks, with text by 
Alden H. Hadley; Audubon Bird Leaflets, 
published by the National Association of 
Audubon Societies; The Bird Book, by 
Neltje Blanchan; Bird Guide: Land Birds 
East of the Rodcies, by Chester A. Reed; 
Bird Guide; Water Birds, Game Birds 
and Birds of Prey East of the Rockies, by 
Chester A. Reecl; Bird Life, by Frank M. 
Chapman; Birds of America, edited by 
T. Gilbert Pearson; Birds of Massachu- 
setts and Other New England States, by 
Edward H. Forbusli; Birds of Minnesota, 
Bird Portraits in Color, A Manual for the 
Identification of the Birds of Minnesota 
and Neighboring States, 295 American 
Birds (pictures in spiral binding or loose 



brought me something to eat? " Not only in portfolio), all by Thomas S. Roberts; 
is the hen an interesting bird in herself, Birds of New York, by E. H. Eaton; The 



BIRDS 



Book of Bird Life, by A. A. Allen; The 
Book of Birds, edited by Gilbert Grosve- 
nor and Alexander Wetmore; The Chil- 
dren's Book of Birds ( First Book of Birds 
and Second Book of Birds), by Olive 
Thorne Miller; A Field Guide' to the 
Birds, by Roger Tory Peterson; Handbook 
of the Birds of Eastern North America, 
by Frank M. Chapman; Ornithology 
Laboratory Notebook, by A. A. Allen; Red 
Book of Birds of America, Blue Book of 
Birds of America, Green Book of Birds 



29 



of America, by Frank G. Ashbrook; What 
Bird is That?" by Frank M. Chapman. 

(These books contain descriptions and 
accounts of all the wild birds considered 
in this section of the Handbook. Addi- 
tional references are to be found in the 
bibliography in the back of the book, un- 
der various headings: Birds, Animals in 
General, Nature Study in General, Text- 
books and Readers, Nature Poetry, Maga- 
zines and Periodicals, Books for Parents 
and Teachers.) 



FEATHERS AS CLOTHING 



The bird's clothing affords a natural 
beginning for bird study because the wear- 
ing of feathers is a most striking character- 
istic distinguishing birds from other crea- 



Hooks on barbels 




A feather 

tares; also, feathers and flying are the first 
things the young child notices about birds. 
The purpose of all these lessons on 
the hen are: (a) To induce the child to 
make continued and sympathetic observa- 
tions on the habits of the domestic birds. 

(b) To cause him involuntarily to com- 
pare the domestic with the wild birds. 

(c) To induce him to think for himself 
how the shape of the body, wings, head, 
beak, feet, legs, and feathers are adapted in 
each species to protect the bird and assist 
it in getting its living. 



The overlapping of the feathers on a 
hen's back and breast is a pretty illustra- 
tion of nature's method of shingling, so 
that the rain, finding no place to enter, 
drips off, leaving the bird's underclothing 
quite dry. It is interesting to note how a 
hen behaves in the rain; she droops her 
tail and holds herself so that the water 
finds upon her no resting place, but simply 
a steep surface down which to flow to the 
ground. 

Each feather consists of three parts, the 
shaft or quill, which is the central stiff 




Feathers help birds to endure the cold 

stem of the feather, giving it strength. 
From this quill come off the barbs which, 
toward the outer end, join together in 
a smooth web, making the thin, fanlike 
portion of the feather; at the base is the 
fluff, which is soft and downy and near 
to the body of the fowl. The teacher 



3 



should put on the blackboard this figure 
so that incidentally the pupils may learn 
the parts of a feather and their struc- 
ture. If a microscope is available, show 
both the web and the fluff of a feather 
under a three-fourths objective. 

The feathers on the back of a hen are 
longer and narrower in proportion than 
those on the breast and are especially fit- 
ted to protect the back from rain; the 
breast feathers are shorter and have more 
of the fluff, thus protecting the breast 
from the cold as well as the rain. It is plain 
to any child that the soft fluff is com- 
parable to our underclothing while the 
smooth, overlapping web forms a rain- 
and wind-proof outer coat. Down is a 
feather with no quill; young chicks are 
covered with down. A pin-feather is simply 
a young feather rolled up in a sheath, 
which bursts later and is shed, leaving the 
feather free to assume its form. Take a 
large pin-feather and cut the sheath open 
and show the pupils the young feather 
lying within. 

When a hen oils her feathers it is a 
process well worth observing. The oil 
gland is on her back just at the base of 
the tail feathers; she squeezes the gland 
with her beak to get the oil and then 
rubs the beak over the surface of her 



ANIMALS 

hen oils her feathers it is a sure sign of 
rain. The hen sheds her feathers once a 
year and is a most untidy looking bird 
meanwhile, a fact that she seems to real- 
ize, for she is as shy and cross as a young 
lady caught in company with her hair in 
curlers; but she seems very pleased with 




Young pelicans are born naked, but are soon 
covered with white down 

feathers and passes them through it; she 
spends more time oiling the feathers on 
her back and breast than those on the 
other parts, so that they will surely shed 
water. Country people say that when the 




J. E. Rice 

Feathers of a rooster, showing their relative 
size, shape, and position 

1, neck hackle; 2, breast; 3, wing shoulder covert; 4, 
wing flight covert ; 5, wing primary ; 6, wing .secondary ; 
7, wing covert; 8, back; 9, tail covert; 10, main tail; 
11, fluff; 12, thigh; 13, saddle hackle; 14, the sickle or 
feather of beauty ; 15, lesser sickle 

herself when she finally gains her new 
feathers. 

SUGGESTED READING The Bird Boole, 
by Fannie H. Eckstorm; Bird Friends, by 
Gilbert H. Trafton; Bird Life, by Frank 
M. Chapman; Birds and Their Attributes, 
by Glover M. Allen; The Book of Bird 
Life, by A. A. Allen; The Children's Book 
of Birds (First Book of Birds and Second 
Book of Birds), by Olive Thome Miller; 
Nature by Seaside and Wayside, by 
Mary G. Phillips and Julia M. Wright, 
Book 3, Plants and Animals. 

LESSON i 

FEATHERS AS CLOTHING 

LEADING THOUGHT Feathers grow 
from the skin of a bird and protect the 
bird from rain, snow, wind, and cold. 
Some of the feathers act as cloaks or 



BIRDS 



mackintoshes and others as undercloth- 
ing. 

METHOD The hen should be at close 
range for this lesson where the children 
may observe how and where the different 
kinds of feathers grow. The pupils should 
also study separately the form of a feather 
from the back, from the breast, from the 
under side of the body, and a pin-feather. 

OBSERVATIONS FOR PUPILS i. How 
are the feathers arranged on the back of 
the hen? Are they like shingles on the 
roof? 

2. How does a hen look when standing 
in the rain? 

3. How are the feathers arranged on 
the breast? 

4. Compare a feather from the back 
and one from the breast and note the 
difference. 

5. Are both ends of these feathers alike? 
If not, what is the difference? 

6. Is the fluffy part of the feather on 



3 1 



the outside or next to the bird's skin? 
What is its use? 

7. Why is the smooth part of the 
feather (the web) on the outside? 

8. Some feathers are all fluff and are 
called " down/' At what age was the fowl 
all covered with down? 

9. What is a pin-feather? Why do you 
think it is so called? 

10. How do hens keep their feathers 
oily and glossy so they will shed water? 

11. Where does the hen get the oil? 
Describe how she oils her feathers; which 
ones does she oil most? Does she oil her 
feathers before a rain? 

" How beautiful your feathers be/ " 
The Redbird sang to the Tulip-tree 

New garbed in autumn gold. 
" Alas/ " the bending branches sighed, 
" They cannot like your leaves abide 
To keep us from the cold/ " 

JOHN B. TABB. 



FEATHERS AS ORNAMENT 



The ornamental plumage of birds is 
one of the principal illustrations of a great 
principle of evolution. The theory is that 
the male birds win their mates because 
of their beauty, those that are not beauti- 
ful being doomed to live single and leave 
no progeny to inherit their dullness. On 
the other hand, the successful wooer 
hands down his beauty to his sons. How- 
ever, another quite different principle acts 
upon the coloring of the plumage of the 
mother birds; for if they should develop 
bright colors themselves, they would at- 
tract the eyes of the enemy to their pre- 
cious hidden nests; only by being incon- 
spicuous are they able to protect their 
eggs and nestlings from discovery and 
death. The mother partridge, for instance, 
is so nearly the color of the dead leaves on 
the ground about her that we may almost 
step upon her before we discover her; if 
she were the color of the male oriole or 
tanager she would very soon be the center 
of attraction to every prowler. Thus it has 



come about that among the birds the male 
has developed gorgeous colors which at- 
tract the female, while the female has 
kept modest, unnoticeable plumage. 




Olin Sewall Pettingill, Jr. 

Not a candidate for a beauty contest. A young 
belted kingfisher clothed in pin feathers 

The curved feathers of the rooster's 
tail are weak and mobile and could not 
possibly be of any use as a rudder; but 



3 2 

they give grace and beauty to the fowl 
and cover the useful rudder feathers un- 
derneath by a feather fountain of irides- 
cence. The neck plumage of the cock 




Peacock feathers. Is beauty use, 



is also often luxurious and beautiful in 
color and quite different from that of 
the hen. Among the Rouen ducks the 
brilliant blue-green iridescent head of the 
drake and his wing bars are beautiful, and 
make his wife seem Quaker-like in con- 
trast. 

As an object lesson to instill the idea 
that the male bird is proud of his beautiful 
feathers, I know of none better than that 
presented by the turkey gobbler, for he 
is a living expression of self-conscious van- 
ity. He spreads his tail to the fullest extent 
and shifts it this way and that to show the 
exquisite play of colors over the feathers 
in the sunlight, meanwhile throwing out 
his chest to call particular attention to his 
blue and red wattles; and to keep from 
bursting with pride he bubbles over in 
vainglorious " gobbles." 

The hen with her chicks and the turkey 
hen with her brood, if they follow their 
own natures, must wandei in the fields for 
food. If they were bright in color, the 
hawks would soon detect them and their 
chances of escape would be small; this is 
an instance of the advantage to the young 
of adopting the colors of the mother 
rather than of the father; a fact equally 
true of the song birds in cases where the 
males are brilliant in color at maturity. 
The male Baltimore oriole does not assist 
his mate in brooding, but he sits some- 
where on the home tree and cheers her by 
his glorious song and by glimpses of his 
gleaming orange coat. Some have accused 
him of being lazy; on the contrary, he is 



ANIMALS 

a wise householder, for, instead of attract- 
ing the attention of crow or squirrel to his 
nest, he distracts their attention from it 
by both color and song. 

A peacock's feather should really be a 
lesson by itself, it is so much a thing of 
beauty. The brilliant color of the purple 
eye-spot, and the graceful flowing barbs 
that form the setting to the central gem, 
are all a training in aesthetics as well as 
in nature-study. After the children have 
studied such a feather let them see the 
peacock, either in reality or in picture, and 
give them stories about this bird of Juno 
a bird so inconspicuous, except for his 
great spread of tail, that a child seeing 
him for the first time cried, " Oh, oh, see 
this old hen all in bloom! " 

The whole question of sexual selection 
may be made as plain as need be for the 
little folks, by simply telling them that 
the mother bird chooses for her mate the 
one which is most brightly and beautifully 
dressed; make much of the comb and wat- 
tles of the rooster and gobbler as additions 
to the brilliancy of their appearance. 

SUGGESTED READING See suggested 
reading for " Feathers as Clothing." 



LESSON 2 
FEATHERS AS ORNAMENT 

LEADING THOUGHT The color of 
feathers and often their shape make some 
birds more beautiful; while in others, the 
color of the feathers serves to protect 
them from the observation of their ene- 
mies. 

METHOD While parts of this lesson 
relating to fowls may be given in primary 
grades, it is equally fitted for pupils who 
have a wider knowledge of birds. Begin 
with a comparison of the plumage of the 
hen and the rooster. Then, if possible, 
study the turkey gobbler and a peacock in 
life or in pictures. Also the plumage of a 
Rouen duck and drake, and if possible, 
the Baltimore oriole, the goldfinch, the 
scarlet tanager, and the cardinal. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Note the difference 
in shape and color of the tail feathers of 
hen and rooster. 



BIRDS 

2. Do the graceful curved tail feathers 
of the rooster help him in flying? Are they 
stiff enough to act as a rudder? 

3. If not of use in flying what are they 
for? Which do you think the more beauti- 
ful the hen or the rooster? 

4. In what respects is the rooster a more 
beautiful fowl? 

5. What other parts of the rooster's 
plumage are more beautiful than that of 
the hen? 

6. If a turkey gobbler sees you looking 
at him he begins to strut. Do you think 
he does this to show off his tail feathers? 
Note how he turns his spread tail this way 
and that so the sunshine will bring out 
the beautiful changeable colors. Do you 
think he does this so you can see and ad- 
mire him? 

7. Describe the difference in plumage 
between the hen turkey and the gobbler. 
Does the hen turkey strut? 

8. Note the beautiful blue-green irides- 
cent head and wing patches on the wings 
of the Rouen ducks. Is the drake more 
beautiful than the duck? 

9. What advantage is it for these fowls 
to have the father bird more beautiful and 
bright in color than the mother bird? 

10. In the case of the Baltimore oriole, 
is the mother bird as bright in color as the 
father bird? 

11. Study a peacock's feather. What 




Peacocks 

color is the eye-spot? What color around 
that? What 'color around that? What 
color and shape are the outside barbs of 
the feather? Do you blame a peacock for 
being proud when he can spread a tail of 
a hundred eyes? Does the peahen have 
such beautiful tail feathers as the peacock? 

The bird of Juno glories in his plumes; 

Pride makes the fowl to preene his feath- 
ers so. 

His spotted train fetched from old Argus' 
head, 

With golden rays like to the brightest sun, 

Inserteth self-love in the silly bird; 

Till midst its hot and glorious fumes 

He spies his feet and then lets fall his 
plumes. 

" THE PEACOCK/' 
ROBERT GREENE (1560) 



HOW BIRDS FLY 



To convince the children that a bird's 
wings correspond to our arms, they should 
see a fowl with its feathers off, prepared 
for market or oven, and they will infer 
the fact at once. 

The bird flies by lifting itself through 
pressing down upon the air with its wings. 
There are several experiments which are 
needed to make the child understand this. 
It is difficult for children to conceive that 
the air is really anything, because they can- 
not see it; so the first experiment should 
be to show that the air is something we 
can push against or that pushes against us. 



Strike the air with a fan and we feel there 
is something which the fan pushes; we 
feel the wind when it is blowing and it is 
very difficult for us to walk against a hard 
wind. If we hold an open umbrella in the 
hand while we jump from a step, we feel 
buoyed up because the air presses up 
against the umbrella. The air presses up 
against the wings of the birds just as it 
does against the open umbrella. The bird 
flies by pressing down upon the air with 
its wings just as a boy jumps high by 
pressing down with his hands on his vault- 
ing pole. 



34 



ANIMALS 



Study wing and note: (a) That the 
wings open and close at the will of the 
bird, (b) That the feathers open and shut 
on each other like a fan. (c) When the 
wing is open the wing quills overlap, so 




Olin Sewall Pettingill, Jr. 



Common tern. While we are having winter 
this bird spends the summer in South Amer- 
ica. It will return to spend our summer with 
us 

that the air cannot pass through them. 
(d) When the wing is open it is curved 
so that it is more efficient, for the same 
reason that an umbrella presses harder 
against the atmosphere when it is open 
than when it is broken by the wind and 
turned wrong side out. 

A wing feather has the barbs on the 
front edge lying almost parallel to the 
quill, while those on the hind edge come 
off at a wide angle. The reason for this 
is easy to see, for this feather has to cut 
the air as the bird flies; and if the barbs on 
the front side were like those of the other 
side, they would be torn apart by the 
wind. The barbs on the hind side of the 
feather form a strong, close web so as to 
press down on the air and not let it 
through. The wing quill is curved; the 
convex side is up and the concave side 
below during flight. The concave side, 
like the umbrella, catches more air than 
the upper side; the down stroke of the 
wings is forward and down; while on the 
up stroke, as the wing is lifted, it bends 
at the joint like a fan turned sidewise, and 
offers less surface to resist the air. Thus, 
the up stroke does not push the bird down. 

Observations should be made on the 
use of the bird's tail in flight. The hen 



spreads her tail like a fan when she flies 
to the top of the fence; the robin does 
likewise when in flight. The fact that the 
tail is used as a rudder to guide the bird 
in flight, as well as to give more surface 
for pressing down upon the air, is hard for 
the younger pupils to understand, and 
perhaps can be best taught by watch- 
ing the erratic unbalanced flight of young 
birds whose tail feathers are not yet 
grown. 

The tail feather differs from the wing 
feather in that the quill is not curved, and 
the barbs on each side are of about equal 
length and lie at about the same angle on 
each side of the quill. See Fig. p. 30. 

SUGGESTED READING The Bird Book, 
by Fannie H. Eckstorm; Bird Flight, by 
Gordon C. Aymar; Bird Life, by Frank M. 
Chapman; Birds and Their Attributes, by 
Glover M. Allen; The Book of Bird Life, 
by A. A. Allen; The Children's Boole of 
Birds ( First Book of Birds and Second 
Book of Birds), by Olive Thorne Miller; 
Nature by Seaside and Wayside, by 
Mary G. Phillips and Julia M. Wright, 
Book 3, Plants and Animals. 

LESSON 3 
How BIRDS FLY 

LEADING THOUGHT A bird flies by 
pressing down upon the air with its wings, 
which are made especially for this pur- 
pose. The bird's tail acts as a rudder dur- 
ing flight. 

METHOD The hen, it is hoped, will 
by this time be tame enough so that the 
teacher may spread open her wings for 
the children to see. In addition, have a 
detached wing of a fowl such as is used in 
farmhouses instead of a whisk-broom. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Do you think a 
bird's wings correspond to our arms? If 
so why? 

2. Why do birds flap their wings when 
they start to fly? 

3. Can you press against the air with 
a fan? 

4. Why do you jump so high with a 
vaulting pole? Do you think the bird uses 
the air as you use the pole? 



BIRDS 



5. How are the feathers arranged on the 
wing so that the bird can use it to press 
on the air? 

6. If you carry an umbrella on a windy 
morning, which catches more wind, the 
under or the top side? Why is this? Does 
the curved surface of the wing act in the 
same way? 

7. Take a wing feather. Are the barbs 
as long on one side of the quill as on the 
other? Do they lie at the same angle from 
the quill on both sides? If not why? 

8. Which side of the quill lies on the 
outer side and which on the inner side of 
the wing? 

9. Is the quill of the feather curved? 

10. Which side is uppermost in the 
wing, the convex or the concave side? 
Take a quill in one hand and press the 
tip against the other hand. Which way 
does it bend more easily, toward the con- 



vex or the concave side? What has this to 
do with the flight of the bird? 

^11. If trie bird flies by pressing the 
wings against the air on the down stroke, 
why does it not push itself downward with 
its wings on the up stroke? 

12. What is the shape and arrangement 
of the feathers which prevent pushing the 
bird back to earth when it lifts its wings? 

13. Why do you have a rudder to a 
boat? 

14. Do you think a bird could sail 
through the air without something to steer 
with? What is the bird's rudder? 

15. Have you ever seen a young bird 
whose tail is not yet grown, try to fly? 
If so, how did it act? 

16. Does the hen when she flies keep 
the tail closed or open like a fan? 

17. Compare a tail feather with a wing 
feather and describe the difference. 



MIGRATION OF BIRDS 



The travelogues of birds are as fascinat- 
ing as our favorite stories of fairies, ad- 
venture, and fiction. If we could accom- 
pany certain birds, such as the Arctic 
terns, on their spring and autumn trips, 
the logs of the trips would be far more ex- 
citing than some recorded by famous avia- 
tors. The Arctic tern seems to hold the 
record for long-distance flight. Its nest is 
made within the bounds of the Arctic cir- 
cle and its winter home is in the region of 
the Antarctic circle. The round-trip mile- 
age for this bird during a year is about 
22,000 miles. Wells W. Cooke, a pioneer 
student of bird migration, has called atten- 
tion to the interesting fact that the Arctic 
tern " has more hours of daylight than any 
other animal on the globe. At the north- 
ern nesting-site the midnight sun has 
already appeared before the birds' arrival, 
and it never sets during their entire 
stay at the breeding grounds. During two 
months of their sojourn in the Antarctic 
the birds do not see a sunset, and for the 
rest of the time the sun dips only a little 
way below the horizon and broad day- 



light is continuous. The birds, therefore, 
have twenty-four hours of daylight for at 
least eight months in the year, and during 
the other four months have considerably 
more daylight than darkness." It is true 
that few of our birds take such long trips 
as does the Arctic tern; but most birds do 
travel for some distance each spring and 
fall. 

Each season brings to our attention cer- 
tain changes in the bird population. Dur- 
ing late summer, we see great flocks of 
swallows; they are on telephone or tele- 
graph wires, wire fences, clothes lines, or 
aerial wires. They twitter and flutter and 
seem all excited. For a few days, as they 
prepare for their southern journey, they 
are seen in such groups, and then are 
seen no more until the following spring. 
Some birds do not gather in flocks before 
leaving for the winter; they just disappear 
and we scarcely know when they go. We 
may hear their call notes far over our 
heads as they wing their way to theii 
winter homes. Some birds migrate only 
during the day, others go only during the 



3 6 



ANIMALS 



night, and others may travel by either day 
or night. 

Those birds that do not migrate are 
called permanent residents. In the east- 
ern United States chickadees, jays ? downy 




After Cooke 

The migration routes of the golden plover. 
The dotted area is the summer home and 
nesting place; the black area is the winter 
home. Migration routes are indicated by ar- 
rows. On the southern route the plover makes 
a flight of 2,400 miles from Labrador to South 
America 

woodpeckers, nuthatches, grouse, and 
pheasants are typical examples of the per- 
manent resident group. These birds must 
be able to secure food under even the 
most adverse conditions. Much of their 
food is insect life found in or about trees; 
some fruits and buds of trees, shrubs, and 
vines are also included in their diet. 

Birds that travel are called migratory 
birds. If the spring migrants remain with 
us for the summer, we call them our sum- 
mer residents. Fall migrants that remain 
with us for the winter are called winter 
residents. The migrants that do not re- 
main with us but pass on to spend the 
summer or winter in some other area are 
called our transients or visitors. Of course, 
we must remember that the birds which 
visit us only for a short time are summer 
residents and winter residents in other 



parts of the country. Our summer resi- 
dents are the winter residents of some 
other area. 

In spring we await with interest the 
arrival of the first migrants. These birds 
are, in general, those which have spent 
the winter only a comparatively short dis- 
tance away. In the eastern United States, 
we expect robins, red-winged blackbirds, 
song sparrows, and bluebirds among the 
earliest migrants. In many species the 
males arrive first; they may come as much 
as two weeks ahead of the females. The 
immature birds are usually the last to ar- 
rive. The time of arrival of the first mi- 
grants is determined somewhat by weather 
conditions; their dates cannot be pre- 
dicted with as much accuracy as can those 
of birds which, having spent the winter at 
a greater distance from us, arrive later 
when the weather is more favorable. In 
some places, for example at Ithaca, New 
York, bird records have been kept each 
season for more than thirty years. With 
the information from these records, it is 
possible to indicate almost to a day when 
certain birds, such as barn swallows, ori- 
oles, or hummingbirds, may be expected 
to arrive. Usually the very first birds of a 
kind to arrive are those individuals which 
will within a few days continue their 
northward journey. The later arrivals are 
usually those that remain to become sum- 
mer residents. In some species all indi- 
viduals are migrants; for southern New 
York the white-throated sparrow is repre- 
sentative of such a group. It winters far- 
ther south and nests farther north than 
southern New York. 

Why do birds migrate? This question 
has often been asked; but in answer to 
it we must say that while we know much 
about where birds go and how fast they 
travel, we still know actually very little 
about the reasons for their regular seasonal 
journeys. 

As the airplane pilot has man-made in- 
struments to aid him in reaching a certain 
airport, so the birds have a well-developed 
sense of direction which guides them to 
their destination. Each kind of bird 
seems, in general, to take the route fol- 



BIRDS 



37 



lowed by its ancestors; but this route edited by Gilbert Grosvenor and Alex- 
may be varied if for any reason food ander Wetmore; The Children's Boot of 
should become scarce along the way. Such Birds ( First Book of Birds and Second 
routes are so exactly followed year after Book of Birds), by Olive Thorne Miller; 
year that they are known as laiies of mi- Flight Speed of Birds, by May Thacher 
gration. Persons desiring to study a cer- Cooke (U. S. Department of Agriculture, 
tain species of bird can have excellent op- 
portunities to do so by being at some 
good vantage point along this lane. Some- 
times undue advantage has been taken of 
certain birds, especially hawks. Persons 
desiring to kill these birds have collected 
at strategic points along the lanes and 
wantonly killed many of them. As a result 
of such activities sanctuaries have been 
established at certain places along the 
lanes to give added protection to birds. 

The routes north and south followed 
by a given species of bird may lead 
over entirely different parts of the country; 
these are called double migration routes. 
They may vary so much that one route 
may lead chiefly over land while the other 
may lead over the ocean. The golden 
plover is an example of such a case. See 
the migration map. 

Much valuable information as well as 
pleasure can be gained from keeping a 
calendar of migration and other activities 
of birds. It is especially interesting dur- 
ing the spring months when first arrivals 
are recorded if daily lists are made of all 
species observed. In summer, nesting ac- 
tivities and special studies of an individual 

species provide something of interest for Circular 428); The Migration of North 
each day. More pleasure can be derived American Birds, by Frederick C. Lincoln 
from the hobby if several people take it (U. S. Department of Agriculture, Circu- 
up and compare their findings. Interests lar 363); Nature by Seaside and Way- 
in photography, sketching, or nature-story side, by Mary G. Phillips and Julia M. 
writing are natural companions of such Wright, Book 3, Plants and Animals; Our 
bird study. Winter Birds, by Frank M. Chapman; 

SUGGESTED READING Bird Friends, by Pathways in Science, by Gerald S. Craig 
Gilbert H. Trafton; Bird Life, by Frank and Co-authors, Book 2, Out-of-doors, 
M. Chapman; Birds and Their Attributes, Book 5, Learning about Our World; The 
by Glover M. Allen; Birds of America, ed- Stir of Nature, by William H. Can; Trav- 
ited by T. Gilbert Pearson; Birds of New eling with the Birds, by Rudyerd Boulton; 
York, by E. H. Eaton; The Boole of Bird The Travels of Birds, by Frank M. Chap- 
Life, by A. A. Allen; The Book of Birds, man. 




General Biological Supply House, Chicago 

The travels of the bobolink. The migration 
routes 0) the bobolink are shorter than those 
of the plover and follow land more closely 



ANIMALS 



EYES AND EARS OF BIRDS 



The hen's eyes are placed at the side 
of the head so that she cannot see the 
same object with both eyes at the same 
time, and thus she has the habit of looking 
at us first with one eye and then the other 
to be sure she sees correctly. The position 
of the hen's eyes gives her a command of 
her entire environment. All birds have 
much keener eyes than we have; and they 
can adjust their eyes for either near or 
far vision much more effectively than we 
can; some hawks, flying high in the air, 
can see mice on the ground. 

A wide range of colors is found in the 
eyes of birds: white, red, blue, yellow, 
brown, gray, pink, purple, and green are 
found in the iris of different species. The 




Olin Sewall Pettingill, Jr. 



A duck hawk. Notice the strong hooked 
beak, the keen eye, and the prominent 
nostril 

hen's eye consists of a black pupil at the 
center, which must always be black in 
any eye, since it is a hole through which 
enters the image of the object. The iris of 
the hen's eye is yellow; there is apparently 
no upper lid, but the lower lid comes up 
during the process of sleeping. When the 
bird is drowsy the little film lid comes 



out from the corner of the eye and spreads 
over it like a veil; just at the corner of our 
own eye, next the nose, is the remains of 
this film lid, although we cannot move it 
as the hen does. 

The hearing of birds is very acute, al- 
though in most cases the ear is simply 
a hole in the side of the head, and is more 
or less covered with feathers. The hen's 
ear is like this in many varieties of chick- 
ens; but in others and in the roosters there 
are ornamental ear lobes. 

SUGGESTED READING The Children's 
Boole of Birds ( First Book of Birds and 
Second Book of Birds), by Olive Thorne 
Miller. 

LESSON 4 
EYES AND EARS OF BIRDS 

LEADING THOUGHT The eyes and ears 
of birds are peculiar and very efficient. 

METHOD - The hen or chicken and the 
rooster should be observed for this lesson; 
notes may be made in the poultry yard or 
in the schoolroom when the birds are 
brought there for study. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Why does the hen 
turn her head first this side and then that 
as she looks at you? Can she see an object 
with both eyes at once? Can she see well? 

2. How many colors are there in a hen's 
eye? Describe the pupil and the iris. 

3. Does the hen wink as we do? Has 
she any eyelids? 

4. Can you see the film lid? Does it 
come from above or below or the inner or 
outer corner? When do you see this film 
lid? 

5. Where are the hen's ears? How do 
they look? How can you tell where the 
rooster's ears are? 

6. Do you think the hen can see and 
hear well? 



BIRDS 



39 



THE FORM AND USE OF BEAKS 



Since the bird uses its arms and hands 
for flying, it has been obliged to develop 
other organs to take their place, and of 
their work the beak does its full share. It 
is well to emphasize this point by letting 
the children at recess play the game of 
trying to eat an apple or to put up their 
books and pencils with their arms tied 
behind them; such, an experiment will 
show how naturally the teeth and feet 
come to the aid when the hands are use- 
less. 

The hen feeds upon seeds and insects 
which she finds on or in the ground; her 
beak is horny and sharp and acts not only 
as a pair of nippers, but also as a pick as 
she strikes it into the soil to get the seed 




A. A. Allen 

A red-eyed vireo repairing her nest 

or insect. She has already made the place 
bare by scratching away the grass or sur- 
face of the soil with her strong, stubby 
toes. The hen does not have any teeth, 
nor does she need any, for her sharp beak 
enables her to seize her food; and she 
does not need to chew it, since her gizzard 
does this for her after the food is swal- 
lowed. 

The duck's bill is broad, flat, and much 
softer than the hen's beak. The duck feeds 
upon water insects and plants; it obtains 
these by thrusting its head down into the 
water, seizing the food, and holding it 



fast while the water is strained out through 
the sieve at the edges of the beak; for this 
use, a wide, flat beak is necessary. It would 
be quite as impossible for a duck to pick 
up hard seeds with its broad, soft bill as it 
would for the hen to get the duck's food 




Leonard K. Beyer 

These holes were made by a pileated wood- 
pecker in search of insects 

out of the water with her narrow, horny 
bill. 

Both the duck and hen use their bills 
for cleaning and oiling their feathers and 
for fighting also; the hen strikes a sharp 
blow with her beak, making a wound like 
a dagger, while the duck seizes the enemy 
and simply pinches hard. Both fowls also 
use their beaks for turning over the eggs 
when incubating, and also as an aid to the 
feet when they make nests for themselves. 

The nostrils are very noticeable and are 
situated in the beak near the base. How- 
ever, we do not believe that birds have a 
keen sense of smell, since their nostrils are 
not surrounded by a damp, sensitive, soft 
surface as are the nostrils of the deer and 
dog. This arrangement aids these animals 
to detect odor in a marvelous manner. 

SUGGESTED READING The Bird Book, 
by Fannie H. Eckstorm; Bird Life, by 



4 



ANIMALS 



Frank M. Chapman; The Book of Bird 
Life, by A, A. Allen; The Boole of Birds, 
edited "by Gilbert Grosvenor and Alex- 
ander Wetmore; The Children's Book of 
Birds (First Book of Birds and Second 
Book of Birds), by Olive Thorne Miller; 
Nature by Seaside and Wayside, by 
Mary G. Phillips and Julia M. Wright, 
Book 3, Plants and Animals. 

LESSON 5 
THE BEAK OF A BIRD 

LEADING THOUGHT Each kind of bird 
has a beak especially adapted for getting 
its food. The beak and feet of a bird are 
its chief weapons and implements. 

METHOD Study first the beak of the 
hen or chick and then that of the duckling 
or gosling. 

OBSERVATIONS i . What kind of food 
does the hen eat and where and how does 
she find it in the field or garden? How is 
her beak adapted to get this food? If her 
beak were soft like that of a duck could 
she peck so hard for seeds and worms? 
Has the hen any teeth? Does she need 
any? 

2. Compare the bill of the hen with 
that of the duck. What are the differ- 
ences in shape? Which is the harder? 

3. Note the saw teeth along the edge 
of the duck's bill. Are these for chewing? 
Do they act as a strainer? Why does the 
duck need to strain its food? 

4. Could a duck pick up a hen's food 
from the earth or the hen strain out a 
duck's food from the water? For what 
other things than getting food do these 
fowls use their bills? 

5. Can you see the nostrils in the bill 
of a hen? Do they show plainer in the 
duck? Do you think the hen can smell as 
keenly as the duck? 



It is said that nature-study teaching 
should be accurate, a statement that every 
good teacher will admit without debate; 
but accuracy is often interpreted to mean 
completeness, and then the statement 
cannot pass unchallenged. To study " the 
dandelion" " the robin/ 7 with emphasis 
on the particle " the/' working out the 
complete structure, may be good labora- 
tory work in botany or zoology for ad- 
vanced pupils, but it is not an elementary 
educational process. It contributes noth- 
ing more to accuracy than does the natural 
order of leaving untouched all those 
phases of the subject that are out of the 
child's reach; while it may take out the 
life and spirit of the work, and the spiritual 
quality may be the very part that is most 
worth the while. Other work may provide 
the formal " drill "; this should supply the 
quality and vivacity. Teachers often say to 
me that their children have done excellent 
work with these complete methods, and 
they show me the essays and drawings; 
but this is no proof that the work is com- 
mendable. Children can be made to do 
many things that they ought not to do and 
that lie beyond them. We all need to go 
to school to children. " THE OUTLOOK 
TO NATURE/' L. H. BAILEY 

Weather and wind and waning moon, 

Plain and hilltop under the sky, 
Ev'ning, morning and blazing noon, 

Brother of all the world am 1. 
The pine-tree, linden and the maize, 

The insect, squirrel and the kine, 
All natively they live their days 

As they live theirs, so I live mine, 
I know not where, I know not what: 

Believing none and doubting none 
Whatever befalls it counteth not, 

Nature and Time and I are one. 

L. H. BAILEY 



THE FEET OF BIRDS 



Obviously, the hen is a digger of the 
soil; her claws are long, strong, and slightly 
hooked, and her feet and legs are covered 
with horny scales. These scales protect her 



feet from injury when they are used in 
scratching the hard earth to lay bare the 
seeds and insects hiding there. The hen 
is a very good runner indeed. She lifts 



BIRDS 



4 1 



her wings a little to help, much as an 
athletic runner uses his arms, and so can 
cover ground with amazing rapidity, her 
strong toes giving her a firm foothold. The 
track she makes is very characteristic; it 
consists of three toe-marks projecting for- 
ward and one backward. A bird's toes are 
numbered thus: the hind toe is number 
one, the inner toe number two, the mid- 
dle toe three, and the outer toe four. 





Duck's foot and hen's foot with 
toes numbered 

A duck has the same number of toes as 
the hen, but there is a membrane, called 
the web, which joins the second, third, 
and fourth toes, making a fan-shaped foot; 
the first or hind toe has a little web of 
its own. A webbed foot is first of all a 
paddle for propelling its owner through 
the water; it is also a very useful foot on 
the shores of ponds and streams, since its 
breadth and flatness prevent it from sink- 
ing into the soft mud. 

The duck's legs are shorter than those 
of the hen and are placed farther back 
and wider apart. They are essentially 
swimming organs and are not fitted for 
scratching or for running. They are 
placed at the sides of the bird's body so 
that they may act as paddles, and are 
farther back so that they may act like the 
wheel of a propeller in pushing the bird 
along. We often laugh at a duck on land, 
since its short legs are so far apart and so 
far back that its walk is necessarily an awk- 
ward waddle; but we must always remem- 
ber that the duck is naturally a water bird, 
and on the water its movements are grace- 
ful. Think how a hen would appear if 
she attempted to swim! The duck's body 
is so poorly balanced on its short legs that 
it cannot run rapidly; and if chased even 
a short distance it will fall dead from the 
effort, as many a country child has dis- 
covered to his sorrow when he tried to 
drive the ducks home from the creek or 



pond to coop. The long hind claw of the 
hen enables her to clasp a roost firmly 
during the night; a duck's foot could not 
do this and the duck sleeps squatting on 




^ 

General Biological Supply House, Chicago 

Types oj bills and feet 

the ground. However, the Muscovy ducks, 
which are not good swimmers, have been 
known to perch. 

SUGGESTED READING The Bird Book, 
by Fannie H. Eckstorm; Bird Life, by 
Frank M. Chapman; Birds and Their At- 
tributes, by Glover M. Allen; The Book of 
Bird Life, by A. A. Allen; The Children's 
Boole of Birds (First Book of Birds and 
Second Book of Birds), by Olive Thorne 
Miller; Nature by Seaside and Wayside, 
by Mary G, Phillips and Julia M. Wright, 
Book 3, Plants and Animals. 

LESSON 6 
THE FEET OF BIRDS 
LEADING THOUGHT The feet of birds 
are shaped so as to assist the bird in get- 
ting its food as well as for locomotion. 
METHOD The pupils should have op- 



ANIMALS 



portunity to observe the chicken or hen 
and a duck as they move about; they 
should also observe the duck swimming. 
OBSERVATIONS i. Are the toes of the 
hen long and strong? Have they long, 
sharp claws at their tips? 

2. How are the legs and feet of the 
hen covered and protected? 

3. How are the hen's feet and legs fitted 
for scratching the earth, and why does she 
wish to scratch the earth? 

4. Can a hen run rapidly? What sort of 
track does she make? 

5. You number your fingers with the 
thumb as number one and the little finger 
as five. How do you think the hen's toes 
are numbered? 



6. Has the duck as many toes as the 
hen? What is the chief difference between 
the feet of the duck and of the hen? 

7. Which of the duck's toes are con- 
nected by a web? Does the web extend to 
the tips of the toes? How does the web 
help the duck? 

8. Are the duck's legs as long as the 
hen's? Are they placed farther forward or 
farther back than those of the hen? Are 
they farther apart? 

9. Can a duck run as well as a hen? Can 
the hen swim at all? 

10. Where does the hen sleep and how 
does she hold on to her perch? Could the 
duck hold on to a perch? Does the duck 
need to perch while sleeping? 



SONGS OF BIRDS 



Anyone who attempts to recognize 
birds by sight alone misses much of the 
pleasure that comes to those who have 



.Wood Thrushes. 




A-. O|ivc -b&lt;w.ke4 Thru*/*. 

J-.32. r 



* , J&amp;l 






gy 



"*' ( Ph.ro $&lt;s) &lt;Cflne*verO 

taken the time and pains to learn bird 
songs and use them as a means of bird 
recognition. It is true that not all people 
have a talent for music; but anyone in- 
terested in birds can learn to identify the 
songs and most of the call notes of com- 
mon birds. 



The observer will notice that in most 
cases only the male bird sings, but a few 
exceptions are recorded, notably the fe- 
male rose-breasted grosbeak and cardinal 
grosbeak, which sing under some condi- 
tions. Birds do most of their singing in the 
early morning and during the spring and 
early summer months. The male birds 
have not only a favorite time of day and 
a particular season of the year during 
which they do most of their singing, but 
they even have a certain perch or narrowly 
defined territory from which they sing. 

Each person will need to decide how he 
can best remember bird songs. Most peo- 
ple will doubtless use such methods as 
were used by earlier bird students. Long 
literary descriptions were given for each 
song. Alexander Wilson, for instance, de- 
scribes the call of the male blue jay as 
" repeated creakings of an ungreased 
wheelbarrow." Often the call of a particu- 
lar bird is put into words; in many cases 
these words have come to be accepted as 
the common name of the bird, such as 
bobwhite and whip-poor-will. The imagi- 
nation of students may suggest certain 
words to represent the song or call notes 
of a bird. These are often more easily re- 
membered than the song itself. 

Some ornithologists have developed 



BIRDS 

complicated systems of recording bird 
songs as musical scores. Wilson Flagg and 
F. S. Mathews are well-known names in 
this field. Such a method has its limita- 
tions because many variations of bird 
songs cannot be indicated by the charac- 
ters used in writing music. The song of a 
bird written as music is not usually recog- 
nizable when played on a musical instru- 
ment. Other ornithologists have devel- 
oped more graphic methods of recording 
bird songs. One leader in this field, A. A. 
Saunders, has proposed and used a system 
employing lines, dots ? dashes, and sylla- 
bles. This system is very interesting and is 
a useful one to a person who has a good 
ear for music. One of the latest methods 
of recording bird songs has been devel- 
oped by the Department of Ornithology, 
Cornell University, Ithaca, New York. By 



43 

this method bird songs are photographed 
on moving picture film and later may be 
recorded on phonograph records; these 
records can be played over and over again 
to give the student practice in identifying 
bird songs. Sound pictures have also been 
produced; the pictures of the various birds 
are shown on the screen as their songs are 
being heard by the audience. 

SUGGESTED READING Bird Friends, by 
Gilbert H. Trafton; Birds and Their Attri- 
butes, by Glover M. Allen; The Boole of 
Bird Life, by A. A. Allen; The Bool: of 
Birds, edited by Gilbert Grosvenor and 
Alexander Wetmore; Field Boot of Wild 
Birds and Their Music, by F. Schuyler 
Mathews; A Guide to Bird Songs, by 
Aretas A. Saunders; Songs of Wild Birds 
and More Songs of Wild Birds, by Albert 
R. Brand. 



ATTRACTING BIRDS 



If suitable and sufficient food, water, 
shelter, and nesting sites are provided, and 
if protection is given from such enemies 
as cats and thoughtless men, it is possi- 
ble to attract many kinds of birds to 
home grounds or gardens. The most logi- 
cal time to begin to attract birds is during 
the winter months; but the best time is 
whenever one is really interested and is 
willing to provide the things most needed 
by the birds. Certain types of food, such 
as suet or sunflower seeds, are sought by 
birds at any season. During the summer 
months water for drinking and bathing 
may be more desired than food, but in 
the winter almost any seeds, fruits, or 
fatty foods are welcome. 

In the spring nesting boxes properly 
constructed and placed will do much to 
attract some kinds of birds, especially 
those that normally nest in holes in trees. 
An abundance of choice nesting materials 
will entice orioles, robins, or chipping 
sparrows to nest near by. Straws, sticks, 
feathers, cotton, strings, or even hairs 
from old mattresses may be put out as in- 
ducements to prospective bird tenants. 




An invitation to our garden friends to par- 
take of suet and peanuts in addition to their 
regular fare 

The spring is also a good time to plant 
fruit-bearing trees, shrubs, and vines; these 




ANIMALS 



A bird bath in the author's garden 

natural food counters become more attrac- 
tive each year as they grow larger and pro- 
duce more fruit and better nesting places 
for birds. 

Autumn is the ideal time to establish 
feeding centers to which the birds may be 
attracted during the winter months. Food, 
such as suet or seeds, should be put at a 
great many places throughout the area in 
which one wishes to attract birds. The 
birds will gradually work their way from 
one of these feedings points to another; 
soon it will be possible to concentrate the 
feeding at one point, and the birds will 
continue to come to that point as long 
as food is provided there. 

SUGGESTED READING The A B C of 
Attracting Birds, by Alvin M. Peterson; 
Bird Houses Boys Can Build, by Albert F. 
Siepert; Birds of the Wild How to 
Make Your Home Their Home, by Frank 
C. Pellett; Bird Study for Schools Series, 
published by the National Association of 
Audubon Societies (Part III, Winter 
Feeding, Part IV, Bird Houses); The 
Boole of Bird Life, by A. A. Allen; Boy 



Bird House Arcliitecfure, by Leon H. Bax- 
ter; The Children's Book of Birds (First 
Book of Birds and Second Book of Birds), 
by Olive Thorne Miller; Homes for Birds, 
by E. R. Kalmbach and W. L. McAtee 
(U. S. Department of Agriculture, Farm- 
ers' Bulletin 1456); How to Attract Birds 
in Northeastern United States, How to 
Attract Birds in Northwestern United 
States, How to Attract Birds in the Middle 
Atlantic States, How to Attract Birds in 
the East Central States, by W. L. McAtee 
(U. S. Department of Agriculture, Farm- 
ers' Bulletins 621, 760, 844, 912); How to 
Have Bird Neighbors, by S. Louise Patte- 
son; Our Winter Birds, by Frank M. 
Chapman; Permanent Bird Houses, by 
Gladstone Califf; Song-bird Sanctuaries, 
with Tables of Trees, Shrubs and Vines 
Attractive to Birds, by Roger T. Peterson; 
Wild Bird Guests, by Ernest H. Baynes; 
Methods of Attracting Birds, by Gilbert 
H. Trafton, 




Olin Sewall PetthifiiH, Jr. 



Ruby-throated hummingbird attracted to a 
vial containing sweetened water 



BIRDS 



45 



VALUE OF BIRDS 



Did you ever try to calculate in dollars 
the pleasure that you receive from seeing 
or hearing the first spring migrants? The 
robin, bluebird, and meadowlark bring 
cheer to thousands of people every year. 
Indeed, it would be difficult to find any- 
one, except perhaps in large cities, who 
does not notice the arrival of at least 
some spring birds the robins on the 
lawn, the honk of the wild geese overhead, 
or the song sparrows as they sing from the 
top of a shrub. Birds are interesting to 
most people because of their mere pres- 
ence, their songs, their colors, or their 
habits. Persons engaged in nature-study 
are led outdoors and thus have opened to 
them many other nature fields. 

One needs to observe a bird for only 
a short time to discover for himself what 
has been known by scientists for many 
years, that birds are of great economic 
importance. Watch a chickadee or nut- 
hatch as it makes its feeding rounds on 
a winter day. Note how carefully each 
tiny branch is covered by the chickadee 
and what a thorough examination of the 
limbs and trunks is made by the nuthatch. 
Countless insect eggs as well as insects 
are consumed. On a sunny day in spring, 
observe the warblers as they feed about the 
newly opened leaves and blossoms of the 
trees. See them as they hunt tirelessly for 
their quota of the tiny insects so small 
that they are generally overlooked by 
larger birds. It must be remembered too 
that some birds do, at times, take a toll 
of cultivated crops; this is especially true 
of the seed-eating and insectivorous birds. 
But they deserve some pay for the work 
they do for man, and so in reality he should 
not begrudge them a little fruit or grain. 

Some of the birds of prey are active all 
the time; the hawks work in the daytime 
and the owls come on duty for the night 
shift. Countless destructive small mam- 
mals and insects are eaten by them; thus 
they tend to regulate the numbers of 
numerous small pests of field and wood, 



thereby preventing serious outbreaks of 
such animals. There has been much dis- 
cussion of the real economic status of 
hawks and owls; many food studies have 
been made and the general conclusion is 
that most species are more useful than 
harmful. It is true that some species do 
take a toll of game birds, song birds, and 
poultry; but they include also in their diet 
other animal forms, many of which are 
considered harmful. One individual bird 




Leonard K. Beyer 

A red-eyed vireo on her nest. Vireos live 
largely on insects gleaned jrom the under 
surfaces of leaves and jrom crevices in bark 

may be especially destructive and thus 
give a bad name to an entire species. 

There are even garbage gatherers among 
the birds; vultures, gulls, and crows serve 
in this capacity. The vultures are com- 
monly found in the warmer parts of the 
country and serve a most useful purpose 
by their habit of devouring the unburied 
bodies of dead animals. The gulls are the 
scavengers of waterways and shore lines. 
The crow is omnivorous that is, it eats 
both plant and animal food; but it seems 
to like carrion as well as fresh meat. 

The farmer and the gardener owe quite 
a debt of thanks to the birds that eat weed 
seeds. Of course there are still bountiful 
crops of weeds each year; but there would 




Verne Morton 



A goldfinch nest in winter 

be even more weeds if it were not for the 
army of such seed-eating birds as spar- 
rows, bobwhites ? and doves. 

The game birds, such as grouse, pheas- 
ant, and bobwhite are important today, 
chiefly from the standpoint of the recrea- 
tion they afford sportsmen and other 
lovers of the outdoors. The food habits of 
game birds do not present much of an 
economic problem; the birds are not nu- 
merous enough at the present time to be 
an important source of meat for man as 
they were in pioneer days. 

Thus, a brief consideration of a few 
types of birds will show even a casual 
observer that birds have economic import- 
ance and that each species seems to have 
a definite work to perform. 

SUGGESTED READING Bird Friends, by 
Gilbert H. Trafton; Birds and Their At- 
tributes, by Glover M. Allen; Birds in 
Their Relation to Man, by Clarence M. 
Weed and Ned Dearborn; The Book of 
Bird Life, by A. A. Allen; The Book of 
Birds, edited by Gilbert Grosvenor and 
Alexander Wetmore; The Children's 
Book of Birds ( First Book of Birds and 
Second Book of Birds), by Olive Thorne 
Miller; The Practical Value of Birds, by 
Junius Henderson. 

LESSON 7 

THE STUDY OF BIRDS' NESTS 
IN WINTER 

There are very good reasons for not 
studying birds' nests in summer, since the 
birds misinterpret familiarity on the part 



ANIMALS 

of eager children and are likely, in con- 
sequence, to abandon both nest and lo- 
cality. But after the birds have gone to 
sunnier climes and the empty nests are 
the only mementos we have of them, then 
we may study these habitations carefully 
and learn how to appreciate properly 
the small architects which made them. 
I think that every one of us who care- 
fully examines the way that a nest is made 
must have a feeling of respect for its 
clever little builder. 

I know of certain schools where the 
children make large collections of these 
winter nests, properly labeling each, and 
thus gain a new interest in the bird life 
of their locality. A nest when collected 
should be labeled in the following man- 
ner: 

The name of the bird which built the 
nest. 

Where the nest was found. 

If in a tree, what kind? 

How high from the ground? 

After a collection of nests has been 
made, let the pupils study them accord- 
ing to the following outline: 

i. Where was the nest found? 

(a) If on the ground, describe the lo- 
cality. 

(b) If on a plant, tree, or shrub, tell 
the species, if possible. 

(c) If on a tree, tell where it was on 
a branch in a fork, or hanging by the 
end of the twigs. 



l 




Leonard K. Beyer 

A homemade wren house and its occupant 



BIRDS 



(d) How high from the ground, and 
what was the locality? 

(e) If on or in a building, how situ- 
ated? 

2. Did the nest have any arrangement 
to protect it from rain? 

3. Give the size of the nest, the di- 
ameter of the inside and the outside; also 
the depth of the inside. 

4. What is the form of the nest? Are 
its sides flaring or straight? Is the nest 
shaped like a cup, basket, or pocket? 

5. What materials compose the out- 
side of the nest and how are they ar- 
ranged? 

6. Of what materials is the lining made, 
and how are they arranged? If hair or 



47 



feathers are used, on what creature did 
they grow? 

7. How are the materials of the nest 
held together, that is, are they woven, 
plastered, or held in place by environ- 
ment? 

8. Had the nest anything peculiar 
about it either in situation, construction, 
or material that would tend to render it 
invisible to the casual glance? 

SUGGESTED READING The Book of 
Bird Life, by A. A. Allen; Nature by 
Seaside and Wayside, by Maw G. Phillips 
and Julia M. Wright, Book 3", Plants and 
Animals; Ornithology Laboratory Note- 
book, by A. A. Allen; A Year in the Won- 
derland of Birds, by Hallam Hawksworth. 




Chicks, a few days old 



II, S. Department of Agriculture 



CHICKEN WAYS 



Darne Nature certainly pays close at- 
tention to details. An instance of this is 
the little tooth on the tip of the upper 
mandible of the young chick, which aids 
it in breaking out of its egg-shell prison; 
since a tooth in this particular place 
is of no use later, it disappears. The chil- 
dren are delighted with the beauty of a 
fluffy little chick with its bright, question- 
ing eyes and its life of activity as soon as 



it is freed from the shell. What a contrast 
to the blind, bare, scrawny young robin, 
which seems to be all mouth! The differ- 
ence between the two is fundamental 
since it gives a means for distinguishing 
ground birds from perching birds. The 
young partridge, quail, turkey, and chick 
are clothed and active and ready to go 
with the mother in search of food as soon 
as they are hatched; while the young of 




ANIMALS 



An anxious stepmother. The ducklings 'pay 
her little heed 

the perching birds are naked and blind, 
being kept warm by the brooding mother, 
and fed and nourished by food brought 
by their parents, until they are large 
enough to leave the nest. The down 
which covers the young chick differs from 
the feathers which come later; the down 
has no quill but consists of several flossy 
threads coming from the same root; later 
on, this down is pushed out and off by 
the true feathers which grow from the 
same sockets. The pupils should see that 
the down is so soft that the little, fluffy 
wings of the chick are useless until the 
real wing feathers appear. 

We chew food until it is soft and fine, 
then swallow it, but the chick swallows it 
whole; after being softened by juices from 
the stomach the food passes into a little 
mill, in which is gravel that the chicken 
has swallowed. This gravel helps to grind 
up the food. This mill is called the gizzard 
and the pupils should be taught to look 
carefully at this organ the next time they 
have chicken for dinner. A chicken has no 
muscles in the throat, like ours, to en- 
able it to swallow water as we do. Thus, 
it has first to fill its beak with water, then 
hold it up so the water will flow down 
the throat. As long as the little chick has 



its mother's wings to sleep under, it does 
not need to put its head under its own 
wing; but when it grows up and spends 
the night upon a roost, it usually tucks 
its head under its wing while sleeping. 

The conversation of the barnyard fowl 
covers many elemental emotions and is 
easily comprehended. It is well for the 
children to understand from the first that 
the notes of birds mean something defi- 
nite. The hen clucks when she is lead- 
ing her chicks afield so that they will 
know where she is in the tall grass; the 
chicks follow " cheeping " or " peeping/ 7 
as the children say, so that she will know 
where they are; but if a chick feels itself 
lost its " peep " becomes loud and dis- 
consolate; on the other hand, there is no 
sound in the world so full of cosy con- 
tentment as the low notes of the chick 
when it cuddles under the mother's wing. 
When a hen finds a bit of food she utters 
rapid notes which call the chicks in a 
hurry, and when she sees a hawk she gives 
a warning " q-r-r " which makes every 
chick run for cover and keep quiet. When 
hens are taking their sun and dust baths 
together, they seem to gossip and we can 
almost hear them saying, " Didn't you 
think Madam Dorking made a great fuss 
over her egg today? " Or, " That over- 
grown young rooster has got a crow to 
match his legs, hasn't he? " Contrast 
these low tones with the song of the hen 
as she issues forth in the first warm days 




Poultry Dept., N. Y. State College of Agriculture 

White leghorns are prolific layers 



BIRDS 



of spring and gives to the world one of the 
most joyous songs of all nature. There is 
quite a different quality in the triumphant 
cackle of a hen telling to the world that 
she has laid an egg and the cackle which 
comes from heing startled. When a hen 
is sitting or is not allowed to sit, she is 
nervous and irritable, and voices her 
mental state by scolding. When she is 
really afraid, she squalls; and when seized 
by an enemy, she utters long, horrible 
squawks. The rooster crows to assure his 
flock that all is well; he also crows to show 
other roosters what he thinks of himself 
and of them. The rooster also has other 
notes; he will question you as you ap- 
proach him and his flock, and he will 
give a warning note when he sees a hawk; 
when he finds some dainty tidbit, he calls 
his flock of hens to him and they usually 
arrive just in time to see him swallow the 
morsel. 

When roosters fight, they confront each 
other with their heads lowered and then 
try to seize each other by the back of the 
neck with their beaks, or strike each other 
with the wing spurs, or tear with the leg 
spurs. Weasels, skunks, rats, hawks, and 
crows are the most common enemies of 
the fowls, and often a rooster will attack 
one of these invaders and fight valiantly; 
the hen also will fight if her brood is dis- 
turbed. 

SUGGESTED READING Farm Animals, 
by James G. Lawson; Nature and Science 
Readers, by Edith M. Patch and Harrison 
E. Howe, Book 3, Surprises; The Pet 
Book, by Anna B. Comstock. 

LESSON 8 
CHICKEN WAYS 

LEADING THOUGHT Chickens have 
interesting habits of life and extensive 
conversational powers. 

METHOD For this lesson it is neces- 
sary that the pupils observe the inhabit- 
ants of the poultry yard and answer these 
questions a few at a time. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Did the chick get 
out of the egg by its own efforts? Of what 
use is the little tooth which is on the tip 



49 



of the upper part of a young chick's beak? 
Does this remain? 

2. What is the difference between the 
down of the chick and the feathers of 
the hen? The little chick has wings; why 
can it not fly? 

3. Why is the chick just hatched so 
pretty and downy, while the young robin 
is so bare and ugly? Why is the young 
chick able to see while the young 'robin 
is blind? 

4. How does the young chick get its 
food? 

5. Does the chick chew its food be- 
fore swallowing? If not, why? 

6. How does the chick drink? Why 
does it drink this way? 

7. Where does the chick sleep at night? 
Where will it sleep when it is grown up? 

8. Where does the hen usually put her 
head when she is sleeping? 

9. How does the hen call her chicks 
when she is with them in the field? 

10. How does she call them to food? 

11. How does she tell them there is a 
hawk in sight? 

12. What notes does the chick make 
when it is following its mother? When it 
gets lost? When it cuddles under her 
wing? 

13. What does the hen say when she 
has laid an egg? When she is frightened? 




Parts of the bird labeled 

This figure may be placed on the blackboard wher/j 
pupils may consult it when studying colors and mark- 
ings of birds. 



5 



ANIMALS 



When she is disturbed while sitting on 
eggs? When she is grasped by an enemy? 
How do hens talk together? Describe a 
hen's song. 

14. When does the rooster crow? 
What other sounds does he make? 



15. With what weapons does the 
rooster fight his rivals and his enemies? 

16. What are the natural enemies of 
the barnyard fowls and how do they es- 
cape them? 




Pigeon houses of the upper Nile 



J. H. Comstock 



PIGEONS 



There is mention of domesticated 
pigeons by writers three thousand years 
ago; and Pliny relates that the Romans 
were fervent pigeon fanciers at the be- 
ginning of the Christian era. All of our 
domestic varieties of pigeons have been 
developed from the Rock pigeon, a wild 
species common in Europe and Asia. The 
carrier pigeon was probably the first to 
be specially developed because of its use- 
fulness; its love and devotion to its mate 
and young and its homesickness when 
separated from them were used by man 
for his own interests. When a knight of 
old started off on a Crusade or to other 
wars, he took with him several pigeons 
from the home cote; and after riding 
many days he wrote a letter and tied it 
to the neck or under the wing of one of 



his birds, which he then set free, and it 
flew home with its message; later he would 
set free another in like manner. The draw- 
back to this correspondence was that it 
went only in one direction; no bird from 
home brought message of cheer to the 
wandering knight. Nowadays mail routes, 
telegraph wires, and wireless currents en- 
mesh our globe, and the pigeon as a car- 
rier is out-of-date; but fanciers still perfect 
the homer breed and train pigeons for 
very difficult flight competitions, some 
of them over distances of hundreds of 
miles. Recently a homer made one thou- 
sand miles in two days, five hours, and 
fifty minutes. 

The natural food of pigeons is grain; 
we feed them cracked corn, wheat, peas, 
Kafir corn, millet, and occasionally hemp 



BIRDS 




Homing pigeons 



Verne Morton 



seed; it is best to feed mixed rations as 
the birds tire of a monotonous diet. Pi- 
geons should be fed twice a day; the pi- 
geons and their near relatives, the doves 7 
are the only birds which can drink like 
a horse, that is, with the head lowered. 
The walk of a pigeon is accompanied by a 
peculiar nodding as if the head were in 
some way attached to the feet, and this 
movement sends waves of iridescent 
colors over the bird's plumage. The flight 
of the pigeon is direct without soaring, 
the wings move rapidly and steadily, the 
birds circling and sailing as they start or 
alight. The crow flaps hard and then 
sails for a distance when it is inspecting 
the ground, while the hawk soars on mo- 
tionless wings. It requires closer attention 
to understand the language of the pigeon 
than that of the hen, nor has it so wide 
a range of expression as the latter; how- 
ever, some emotions which the children 
will understand are voiced in the cooing. 
The nest is built of grass and twigs; the 
mother pigeon lays two eggs for a sitting; 
but in some breeds a pair will raise from 
seven to twelve broods per year. The eggs 
hatch in from sixteen to eighteen days, 
and both parents share the labors of in- 
cubating. In the case of the homer the 
father bird sits from about 10 A.M. to 
4 P.M. and the mother the remainder of 
the day and night. The devotion of pi- 



geons to their mates and to their young 
is great, and has been sung by the poets 
and praised by the philosophers during 
many ages; some breeds mate for life. The 
young pigeons or squabs are fed in a pe- 
culiar manner; in the crops of both par- 
ents is secreted a cheesy substance, known 
as pigeon milk. The parent seizes the beak 
of the squab in its own and pumps food 
from its own crop into the stomach of 
the young. This nutritious food is given 
to the squab for about five days and then 
replaced by grain which has been softened 
in the parents' stomachs, until the squabs 
are old enough to feed themselves. Rats, 
mice, weasels, and hawks are the chief 
enemies of the pigeons; since pigeons 
cannot fight, their only safety lies in 
flight. 

As the original Rock pigeon built in 
caves, our domesticated varieties naturally 
build in the houses we provide for them. 
A pigeon house should not be built for 
more than fifty pairs; it should be well 
ventilated and kept clean; it should face 
the south or east and be near a shallow, 
running stream if possible. The nest boxes 
should be about twelve inches square and 
nine inches in height with a door at one 
side, so that the nest may remain hidden. 
In front of each door there should be a 
little shelf to act as a balcony on which 
the resting parent bird may sit and coo 
to relieve the monotony of the sitter's task. 
Some breeders make a double compart- 




J. Deraary 



Pouter pigeons 



ANIMALS 



ment instead of providing a balcony, 
while in Egypt branches are inserted in 
the wall just below the doors of the very 
ornamental pigeon houses. The houses 
should be kept clean and whitewashed 
with lime to which carbolic acid is added 
in the proportion of one teaspoonful of 
acid to two gallons of the wash; the leaf 
stems of tobacco may be given to the 
pigeons as material for building their 
nests, so as to help keep in check the 



LESSON 9 
PIGEONS 




Hugh Spencer 



Domestic pigeon 



bird lice. There should be near the pigeon 
house plenty of fresh water for drinking 
and bathing; also a box of table salt, and 
another of cracked oyster shell and one 
of charcoal as fine as ground coffee. Salt 
is very essential to the health of pigeons. 
The house should be high enough from 
the ground to keep the inmates safe from 
rats and weasels. 

SUGGESTED READING Animal Heroes, 
by Ernest Thompson Seton (Story of 
Arnaux); Audubon Bird Leaflets 2, 6, 
101; Cher Ami, the Story of a Carrier 
Pigeon, by Marion B. Cothren; Farm 
Animals, by James G. .Lawson; Homing 
Pigeons: Their Care and Training (U.S. 
Department of Agriculture, Farmers 7 Bul- 
letin 1373); Mother Nature Series, by 
Fannie W. Dunn and Eleanor Troxell, 
Book 3, In Field and Forest; The Pet 
BooJk, by Anna B. Comstock; also, read- 
ings on pages 28-29. 



LEADING THOUGHT The pigeons dif- 
fer from other birds in appearance and 
also in their actions. Their nesting habits 
are very interesting and there are many 
things that may be done to make the 
pigeons comfortable. They were, in an- 
cient days, used as letter carriers. 

METHOD If there are pigeons kept 
in the neighborhood, it is best to encour- 
age the pupils to observe these birds out- 
of-doors. Begin the work with an interest- 
ing story and with a few questions which 
will arouse the pupils' interest in the 
birds. 

OBSERVATIONS i . For an out-of-door 
exercise during recess let the pupils ob- 
serve the pigeon and tell the colors of the 
beak, eyes, top of the head, back, breast, 
wings, tail, feet, and claws. This exercise 
is excellent training to fit the pupils to 
note quickly the colors of wild birds. 

2. On what do pigeons feed? Are they 
fond of salt? 

3. Describe how a pigeon drinks. How 
does it differ in this respect from other 
birds? 

4. Describe the peculiar movement of 
the pigeon when walking. 

5. Describe the pigeon's flight. Is it 
rapid, high in the air, do the wings flap 
constantly, etc.? What is the chief differ- 
ence between the flight of pigeons and 
that of crows or hawks? 

6. Listen to the cooing of a pigeon and 
see if you can understand the different 
notes. 

7. Describe the pigeon's nest. How 
many eggs are laid at a time? 

8. Describe how the parents share the 
labors in hatching the eggs. How long is 
it after the eggs are laid before the young 
hatch? 

9. How do the parents feed their young 
and on what material? 

10. What are some enemies of pigeons 
and how do they escape from them? How 
can we protect the pigeons? 

11. Describe how a pigeon house 
should be built. 



BIRDS 



12. What must you do for pigeons to bers, that I cannot refrain from quoting 



keep them healthy and comfortable? 

13. How many breeds of pigeons do 
you know? Describe them. 

For my own part I readily concur with 
you in supposing that housedoves are de- 
rived from the small blue rock-pigeon, 
Columba livia, for many reasons. 
But what is worth a hundred arguments 
is the instance you give in Sir Roger 
Mostyns housedoves in Caernarvonshire; 
which, though tempted by plenty of food 
and gentle treatment, can never be pre- 
vailed on to inhabit their cote for any 
time; but as soon as they begin to breed, 
betake themselves to the fastnesses of 
Ormshead, and deposit their young in 
safety amidst the inaccessible caverns and 
precipices of that stupendous promon- 
tory. " You may drive nature out with a 
pitchfork, but she will always return ": 
"Naturam expellas furca . . . tamen us- 
que recurret." 

Virgil, as a familiar occurrence, by way 
of simile, describes a dove haunting the 
cavern of a rock in such engaging num- 



the passage. 

Qualis spelunca subito commota Co- 
lumba, 

Cui domus, et dulces latebroso in pumice 
nidi, 

Fertur in arva volans, plausumque exter- 
rita pennis 

Dat tecto ingentem, mox aere lapsa 
quieto, 

Radit iter liquidum, celeres neque com- 
movet alas. 

(Virg. Aen. v. 213217) 

As when a dove her rocky hold forsakes, 
Roused, in a fright her sounding wings 

she shakes; 
The cavern rings with clattering: out 

she flies, 
And leaves her callow care, and cleaves 

the skies; 
At first she flutters: but at length she 

springs 
To smoother flight, and shoots upon her 

wings. 

(Dryden's Translation) 
WHITE OF SELBOURNE 



THE CANARY AND THE GOLDFINCH 



In childhood the language of birds and 
animals is learned unconsciously. What 
child, who cares for a canary, does not 
understand its notes which mean loneli- 
ness, hunger, eagerness, joy, scolding, 
fright, love, and song! 

The pair of canaries found in most 
cages are not natural mates. The union is 
one de convenance, forced upon them by 
people who know little of bird affinities. 
We could hardly expect that such a mat- 
ing would be always happy. The singer, 
as the male is called, is usually arbitrary 
and tyrannical and does not hesitate to 
lay chastising beak upon his spouse. The 
expression of affection of the two is usu- 
ally very practical, consisting of feeding 
each other with many beguiling notes 
and much fluttering of wings. The singer 
may have several songs; whether he has 



many or few depends chiefly upon his 
education; he usually shows exultation 
when singing by throwing the head back 
like a prima donna, to let the music well 



K. ' ' 11 






Leonard K. Beyer 

A goldfinch on her nest in a hawthorn 



54 



ANIMALS 



forth. He is usually brighter yellow in 
color with more brilliantly black markings 
than his mate; she usually has much gray 
in her plumage. But there are about fifty 
varieties of canaries and each has distinct 
color and markings. 

Canaries should be given a more varied 
diet than most people think. The seeds 
we buy or that we gather from the plan- 
tain or wild -grasses, they eat eagerly. 
They like fresh, green leaves of lettuce and 
chickweed and other tender herbage; 
they enjoy bread and milk occasionally. 
There should always be a piece of cuttle- 
fish bone or sand and gravel where they 
can get it, as they need grit for digestion. 
Above all, they should have fresh water. 
Hard-boiled egg is given them while nest- 
ing. The canary seed which we buy for 
them is the product of a grass in the 
Canary Islands. Hemp and rape seed are 
also sold for canary food. 

The canary's beak is wide and sharp 
and fitted for shelling seeds; it is not a 
beak fitted for capturing insects. The 
canary, when drinking, does not have to 
lift the beak so high in the air in order 
to swallow the water as do some birds. 
The nostrils are in the beak and are easily 
seen; the ear is hidden by the feathers. 
The canary is a fascinating little creature 
when it shows interest in an object; it 
has such a knowing look, and its per- 
fectly round, black eyes are so intelligent 
and cunning. If the canary winks, the 
act is so rapid as to be seen with difficulty, 
but when it is drowsy, the little inner lid 
appears at the inner corner of its eye and 
the outer lids close so that we may be 
sure that they are there; the lower lid 
covers more of the eye than the upper. 

The legs and toes are covered with 
scale armor; the toes have long, curved 
claws that are neither strong nor sharp 
but are especially fitted for holding to 
the perch; the long hind toe with its 
stronger claw makes complete the grasp 
on the twig. When the canary is hopping 
about on the bottom of the cage we can 
see that its toes are more fitted for hold- 
ing to the perch than for walking or hop- 
ping on the ground. 



When the canary bathes, it ducks its 
head and makes a great splashing with its 
wings and likes to get thoroughly wet. 
Afterward, it sits all bedraggled and 
" humped up " for a time and then usu- 
ally preens its feathers as they dry. When 
going to sleep, it at first fluffs out its 
feathers and squats on the perch, draws 
back its head, and looks very drowsy. 
Later it tucks its head under its wing for 
the night and looks like a little ball of 
feathers on the perch. 

Canaries make a great fuss when build- 
ing their nest. A pasteboard box is usually 
given them with cotton and string for 
lining; usually one pulls out what the 
other puts in; and they both industriously 
tear the paper from the bottom of the 
cage to add to their building material. 
Finally, a makeshift of a nest is com- 
pleted and the eggs are laid. If the singer 
is a good husband, he helps incubate the 
eggs and feeds his mate and sings to her 
frequently; but often he is quite the re- 
verse and abuses her abominably. The 
nest of the caged bird is very different 
in appearance from the neat nests of grass, 
plant down, and moss which the wild an- 
cestors of these birds made in some safe 
retreat in the shrubs or evergreens of the 
Canary Islands. The canary eggs are pale 
blue, marked with reddish-brown. The 
incubation period is 13 to 14 days. The 
young are as scrawny and ugly as most 
little birds and are fed upon food par- 
tially digested in the parents' stomachs. 
Their first plumage usually resembles 
that of the mother. 

In their wild state in the Canary Islands 
and the Azores, the canaries are olive 
green above with golden yellow breasts. 
When the heat of spring begins, they 
move up the mountains to cooler levels 
and come down again in the winter. They 
may rear three or four broods on their 
way up the mountains, stopping at suc- 
cessive heights as the season advances, 
until finally they reach the high peaks. 

THE GOLDFINCH OR THISTLE BIRD 

The goldfinches are small birds but 
their songs are so sweet and reedy that 



BIRDS 



they seem to fill the world with music 
more effectually than many larger birds. 
They are fond of the seeds of wild grass, 
and especially of thistle seed; and they 
throng the pastures and fence comers 
where the thistles hold sway. In summer, 
the male has bright yellow plumage with 
a little black cap " pulled down over his 
nose " like that of a grenadier. He has also 
a black tail and wings with white-tipped 
coverts and primaries. The tail feathers 
have white on their inner webs also, which 
does not show when the tail is closed. 
The head and back of the female are 
brown and the under parts yellowish 
white, with wings and tail resembling 
those of the male except that they are not 
so vividly black. In winter the male dons 
a dress more like that of his mate; he loses 
his black cap but keeps his black wings 
and tail. 

The song of the goldfinch is exquisite 
and he sings during the entire period of 
his golden dress; he sings while flying as 
well as when at rest. The flight is in itself 
beautiful, being wavelike up and down, 
in graceful curves. Mr. Chapman says 
that on the descending half of the curve 
the male sings " Per-chick or-ree." The 





Audubon Educational Leaflet No. 17 

A pair of goldfinches 



A. A. Allen 

The nest and eggs of a goldfinch in an elm tree 

goldfinch's call notes and alarm notes are 
very much like those of the canary. 

Since the goldfinches live so largely 
upon seeds of grasses, they stay with us in 
small numbers during the winter. During 
this period both parents and young are 
dressed in olive green, and their sweet call 
notes are a surprise to us of a cold, snowy 
morning, for they are associated in our 
memory with summer. The male dons his 
winter suit in October. 

The goldfinch nest is a mass of fluffi- 
ness. These birds make feather beds for 
their young, or perhaps we should say 
beds of down, since it is the thistledown 
which is used for this mattress. The out- 
side of the nest consists of fine shreds 
of bark or fine grass closely woven; but 
the inner portion is a mat of thistledown 
a cushion an inch and a half thick for 
a nest which has an opening of scarcely 
three inches; sometimes the outside is 
ornamented with lichens. The nest is usu- 
ally placed in some bush or tree, often in 
an evergreen, and ordinarily not more 
than five or six feet from the ground; but 
sometimes it is placed thirty feet high. 
The eggs are from four to six in number 
and bluish white in color. The female 
builds the nest, her mate cheering her with 
song meanwhile; he feeds her while she is 
incubating and helps feed the young. A 
strange thing about the nesting habits 
of the goldfinches is that the nest is not 
built until August. It has been surmised 
that this nesting season is delayed until 



56 ANIMALS 

there is an abundance of thistledown for 
building material. 

SUGGESTED READING American Bird 
Biographies, by A. A. Allen; Audubon Bird 
Leaflet 17; Bird Stories from Burroughs, 
by John Burroughs; Canaries: Their Care 
and Management by Alexander Wet- 
more (U. S. Department of Agriculture, 
Farmers 7 Bulletin 1327); The Pet Book, 
by Anna B. Comstock (Canary); also, 
readings on pages 28-29. 



LESSON 10 
THE CANARY AND THE GOLDFINCH 

LEADING THOUGHT The canary is a 
close relative of the common wild gold- 
finch. If we compare the habits of the two 
we can understand how a canary might 
live if it were free. 

METHOD Bring a canary to the 
schoolroom and ask for observations. 
Ask the pupils to compare the canary 
with the goldfinches which are common 
in the summer. The canary offers oppor- 
tunity for very close observation, which 
will prove excellent training for the pupils 
for beginning bird study. 

OBSERVATIONS i . If there are two 
canaries in the cage, are they always pleas- 
ant to each other? Which one is the 
" boss "? How do they show displeasure 
or bad temper? How do they show affec- 
tion for each other? 

2. Which one is the singer? Does the 
other one ever attempt to sing? What 
other notes do the canaries make besides 
singing? How do they greet you when 
you bring their food? What do they say 
when they are lonesome and hungry? 

3. Does the singer have more than one 
song? How does he act while singing? 
Why does he throw back his head like 
an opera singer when singing? 

4. Are the canaries all the same color? 
What is the difference in color between 
the singer and the mother bird? Describe 
the colors of each in your notebook as 
follows: top and sides of head, back, tail, 
wings, throat, breast, and under parts. 

5. What does the canary eat? What 
sort of seeds do we buy for it? What seeds 



do we gather for it in our garden? Do the 
goldfinches live on the same seeds? What 
does the canary do to the seeds before 
eating them? What tools does he use to 
take off the shells? 

6. Notice the shape of the canary's 
beak. Is it long and strong like a robin's? 
Is it wide and sharp so that it can shell 
seeds? If you should put an insect in the 
cage would the canary eat it? 

7. Why do we give the canary cuttle- 
bone? Note how it takes off pieces of the 
bone. Could it do this if its beak were not 
sharp? 

8. Note the actions of the birds when 
they drink. Why do they do this? 

9. Can you see the nostrils? Where are 
they situated? Why can you not see the 
ear? 

10. When the canary is interested in 
looking at a thing how does it act? Look 
closely at its eyes. Does it wink? How 
does it close its eyes? When it is drowsy 
can you see the little inner lid come from 
the corner of the eye nearest the beak? 
Is this the only licl? 

11. How are the legs and feet covered? 
Describe the toes. Compare the length of 
the claw with the length of the toe. What 
is the shape of the claw? Do you think 
that claws and feet of this shape are better 
fitted for holding to a branch than for 
walking? Note the arrangement of the 
toes when the bird is on its perch. Is the 
hind toe longer and stronger? If so, why? 
Do the canaries hop or walk about the 
bottom of the cage? 

12. What is the attitude of the canary 
when it goes to sleep at night? How does 
it act when it takes a bath? How does it 
get the water over its head? Over its back? 
What does it do after the bath? If we 
forget to put in the bath dish how does 
the bird get its bath? 

NESTING HABITS TO BE OBSERVED 
IN THE SPRING 

13. When the canaries are ready to 
build a nest, what material do we furnish 
them for it? Does the father bird help 
the mother to build the nest? Do they 
strip off the paper on the bottom of the 



BIRDS 



cage for nest material? Describe the nest 
when it is finished. 

14. Describe the eggs carefully. Does 
the father bird assist in sitting on the 
eggs? Does he feed the mother bird when 
she is sitting? 

15. How long after the eggs are laid 
before the young ones hatch? Do both 
parents feed the young? Do they swallow 
the food first and partially digest it before 
giving it to the young? 

16. How do the very young birds look? 
What is their appearance when they 
leave the nest? Does the color of their 
plumage resemble that of the father or 
the mother? 

17. Where did the canaries originally 
come from? Find the place on the map. 

THE GOLDFINCH 

LEADING THOUGHT Goldfinches are 
seen at their best in late summer or 
September, when they appear in flocks 
wherever the thistle seeds are found in 
abundance. Goldfinches so resemble the 
canaries in form, color, song, and habits 
that they are called wild canaries. 

METHOD The questions for this les- 
son may be given to the pupils before the 
end of school in June. The results may be 
reported to the teacher in class when the 
school begins in the autumn. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Where do you find 
the goldfinches feeding? How can you 
distinguish the father from the mother 
birds and from the young ones in color? 



2. Describe the colors of the male gold- 
finch and also of the female as follows: 
crown, back of head, back, tail, wings, 
throat, breast, and lower parts. Describe in 
particular the black cap of the male. 

3. Do you know the song of the gold- 
finch? Is it like the song of the canary? 
What other notes has the goldfinch? 

4. Describe the peculiar flight of the 
goldfinches. Do they fly high in the 
air? Do you usually see them singly or in 
flocks? 

5. Where do the goldfinches stay dur- 
ing the winter? What change takes place 
in the coat of the male during the winter? 
What do they eat during the winter? 

6. At what time of year do the gold- 
finches build their nests? Describe the 
nest. Where is it placed? How far above 
the ground? How far from a stream or 
other water? Of what is the outside made? 
The lining? What is the general appear- 
ance of the nest? What is the color of the 
eggs? 

Sometimes goldfinches one by one will 

drop 
From low-hung branches; little space 

they stop, 
But sip, and twitter, and their feathers 

sleek, 

Then off at once, as in a wanton frealc; 
Or perhaps, to show their black and 

golden wings; 

Pausing upon their yellow flutterings, 

KEATS 



THE ROBIN 



Most of us think we know the robin 
well, but very few of us know definitely 
the habits of this, our commonest bird. 
The object of this lesson is to form in the 
pupils a habit of careful observation, and 
to enable them to read for themselves the 
interesting story of this little life which 
is lived every year before their eyes. More- 
over, a robin notebook, if well kept, is a 
treasure for any child; and the close obser- 
vation necessary for this lesson trains the 



pupils to note in a comprehending way 
the habits of other birds. It is the very 
best preparation for bird study of the right 
sort. 

A few robins occasionally find a swamp 
where they can obtain food to nourish 
them during the northern winter, but for 
the most part they go in flocks to our 
southern states, where they settle in 
swamps and cedar forests and live chiefly 
upon fruits and berries. The robins do not 



ANIMALS 




Leonard K. Beyer 

A robin and its hungry young 

nest or sing while in Southland. When the 
robins first come to us in the spring they 
feed on wild berries, being especially fond 
of those of the Virginia creeper. As soon as 
the frost is out of the ground they begin 
feeding on earthworms, cutworms, white 
grubs, and other insects. The male robins 
come first, but do not sing much until 
their mates arrive. 

The robin is ten inches long and the 
English sparrow is only six and one-third 
inches long; the pupils should get the sizes 
of these two birds fixed in their minds for 
comparison in measuring other birds. The 
father robin is much more decided in 
color than his mate; his beak is yellow, 
there is a yellow ring about the eye and a 
white spot above it. The head is black and 
the back slaty-brown; the breast is bril- 
liant reddish brown or bay and the throat 
is white, streaked with black. The mother 
bird has paler back and breast and has no 
black upon the head. The wings of both 
are a little darker than the back; the tail 
is black with the two outer feathers tipped 
with white. These white spots do not show 
except when the bird is flying and are 
" call colors " that is, they enable the 
birds to see each other and thus keep to- 
gether when flying in flocks during the 



night. The white patch made by the un- 
der tail-coverts serves a similar purpose. 
The feet and legs are strong and dark in 
color. 

The robin has many sweet songs and he 
may be heard in the earliest dawn and also 
in the evenings; if he wishes to cheer his 
mate he may burst into song at any time. 
He feels especially songful before the 
summer showers, when he seems to sing, 
" I have a theory, a theory, it's going 
to rain/' And he might well say that 
he also has a theory, based on experi- 
ence, that a soaking shower will drive 
many of the worms and larvae in the soil 
up to the surface where he can get them. 
Besides these songs the robins have a great 
variety of notes which the female shares, 
although she is not a singer. The agoniz- 
ing, angry cries they utter when they see 
a cat or squirrel must express their feelings 
fully; they give a very different warning 
note when they see crow or hawk. This 
note is hard to describe; it is a long, not 
very loud squeak. 

A robin can run or hop as pleases him 
best, and it is interesting to see one, while 
hunting earthworms, run a little distance, 
then stop to bend the head and listen 
and look; when he finally seizes the earth- 
worm he braces himself on his strong legs 
and tugs manfully until he sometimes al- 




Herbert E. Gray 

Four blue eggs in a nest on a rail fence 



BIRDS 



most falls over backward as the worm lets 
go its hold. The robins, especially at nest- 
ing time, eat many insects as well as earth- 
worms. 

The beginning of a robin's nest is very 
interesting; much strong grass, fine straw, 
leaves, and rootlets are brought and placed 
on a secure support. When enough of this 
material is collected and arranged, the bird 
goes to the nearest mud puddle or stream 
margin and fills its beak with soft mud; 
it then goes back and " peppers " it into 
the nest material; after the latter is soaked, 
the bird gets into it and molds it to the 
body by turning around and around. In 
one case which the author watched the 
mother bird did this part of the building, 
although the father worked industriously 
in bringing the other materials. After the 
nest is molded but not yet hardened, it is 
lined with fine grass or rootlets. If the 
season is very dry and there is no soft 
mud at hand, the robins can build without 
the aid of this plaster. Four eggs, which 
are an exquisite greenish blue in color, are 
usually laid. 

Both parents share the monotonous 
business of incubating, and in the instance 
under the eyes of the author the mother 
bird was on the nest at night; the period 
of incubating is from eleven to fourteen 
days. The most noticeable thing about 





Leonard K. Beyer 

A robin on its nest 



A. A. Allen 

Young robins. Their spotted breasts show 
their relationship to the thrushes 

a very young robin is its wide, yellow-mar- 
gined mouth, which it opens like a satchel 
every time the nest is jarred. This wide 
mouth cannot but suggest to anyone who 
sees it that it is meant to be stuffed, and 
the two parents work very hard to fill it. 
Both parents feed the young and often the 
father feeds the mother bird while she 
is brooding. Professor Treadwell experi- 
mented with young robins and found that 
each would take 68 earthworms daily; 
these worms if laid end to end would 
measure about 14 feet. Think of 14 feet 
of earthworm being wound into the little 
being in the nest; no wonder that it grows 
so fast! I am convinced that each pair of 
robins about our house has its own special 
territory for hunting worms, and that any 
trespasser is quickly driven off. The young 
birds' eyes are opened when they are from 
six to eight days old, and by that time the 
feather tracts, that is, the places where 
the feathers are to grow, are covered by 
the spinelike pin-feathers; these feathers 
push the down out and it often clings to 
their tips. In eleven days the birds are 
pretty well feathered; their wing feathers 
are fairly developed, but alas, they have 
no tail feathers! When a young robin flies 
from the nest he is a very uncertain and 
tippy youngster, not having any tail to 
steer him while flying, or to balance him 
when alighting. 

It is an anxious time for the old robins 
when the young ones leave the nest, and 



6o 



ANIMALS 



they flutter about and scold at anyone 
who comes in sight, so afraid are they that 
injury will come to their inexperienced 
young ones; for some time the parents 
care for the fledglings, solicitously feeding 
them and giving them warnings of danger. 
The young robin shows in its plumage its 
relation to the thrush family, for it is 
yellowish and very spotted and speckled, 
especially on the breast. The parents may 
raise several broods, but they rarely use the 















Leonard K. Beyer 

This robin became so entangled in ma- 
terial it had gathered for its nest tha { t it was 
unable to fly 

same nest for two consecutive broods, 
both because it may be infested with para- 
sites and because it is more or less soiled, 
although the mother robin works hard to 
keep it clean; she carries away all waste 
matter in her beak and drops it at some 
distance from the nest. Robins do not sing 
much after the breeding season is over 
until after they have molted. They are 
fond of cherries and other pulp fruits and 
often do much damage to such crops. The 
wise orchardist will plant a few Russian 
mulberry trees at a reasonable distance 
from his cherry trees, and thus, by giving 
the robins a fruit which they like better, 
and which ripens a little earlier, he may 
save his cherries. It has been proved con- 
clusively that the robins are far more bene- 
ficial than damaging to the farmer; they 



destroy many noxious insects, two-thirds 
of their food throughout the year consist- 
ing of insects; during April and May they 
do a great work in destroying cutworms. 

The robins stay in the North later than 
most migrating birds, often not leaving 
us entirely before November. Occasional 
stragglers may remain all winter, in some 
protected areas. Their chief enemies in 
northern climates are cats, crows, and 
squirrels. Cats should be taught to let 
birds alone (see lesson on cat) or should 
be killed. The crows have driven the 
robins into villages where they can build 
their nests under the protection of man. 
If crows venture near a house to attack the 
robins, firing a gun at them once or twice 
will give them a hint which they are not 
slow to take. The robins of an entire 
neighborhood will attack a nest-robbing 
crow, but usually too late to save the nest- 
lings. The robins can defend themselves 
fairly well against the red squirrel unless 
he steals the contents of the nest while 
the owners are away. There can be no 
doubt that the same pair of robins return 
to the same nesting place year after year. 
On the Cornell University campus a 
robin lacking the white tip on one side 
of his tail was noted to have returned to 
the same particular feeding ground for 
several years; and we are very certain that 
the same female bird built in the vines of 
our piazza for seven consecutive years; it 
took two years to win her confidence, but 
after that she seemed to feel as if she were 
a part of the family and regarded us all 
as friends. We were sure that during her 
fifth year she brought a new young hus- 
band to the old nesting site; probably 
her faithful old husband had met with 
some mischance during the winter. 

SUGGESTED READING American Bird 
Biographies, by A. A. Allen; Audubon 
Bird Leaflet 46; Bird-House to Let, by 
Mary F. Terrel; Bird Stories from Bur- 
roughs, by John Burroughs; First Lessons 
in Nature Study, by Edith M. Patch; Na- 
ture and Science Readers, by Edith M. 
Patch and Harrison E. Howe, Book i. 
Hunting, Book 2, Outdoor Visits, Book 5, 
Science at Home; Nature Stories for CLII- 



BIRDS 



61 



dren, Autumn, by Eva L. Gordon and 
Jennie Hall; Science Stories, by Wilbur L. 
Beauchamp, W. S. Gray and Co-authors, 
Book i; also, readings on pages 28-29. 



11 



LESSON 
THE ROBIN 

LEADING THOUGHT To understand all 
we can about the life and ways of the 
robin. 

METHOD For first and second grades 
this work may be done by means of an 
extra blackboard, or what is far better, 
sheets of ordinary, buff, manila wrapping 
paper fastened together at the upper end, 
so that they may be hung and turned over 
like a calendar. On the outside page make 
a picture of a robin in colored chalk or 
crayons, coloring according to the chil- 
dren's answers to questions of series " b." 
Devote each page to one series of ques- 
tions, as given below. Do not show these 
questions to the pupils until the time is 
ripe for the observations. Those pupils 
giving accurate answers to these questions 
should have their names on a roll of honor 
on the last page of the chart. 

For third or higher grades the pupils 
may have individual notebooks in which 
each one may write his own answers to 
the questions of the successive series, 
which should be written on the black- 
board at the proper time for the observa- 
tions. This notebook should have a page 
about 6x8 inches and may be made of any 
blank paper. The cover or first page should 
show the picture of the robin colored by 
the pupil, and may contain other illus- 
trative drawings, and any poems or other 
literature pertinent to the subject. 

OBSERVATIONS BY PUPILS Series a 
(to be given in March in the northern 
states). 

1. At what date did you see the first 
robin this year? 

2. Where did the robin spend the win- 
ter? Did it build a nest or sing when in its 
winter quarters? 

3. What does it find to eat when it 
first comes in the spring? How does this 
differ from its ordinary food? 



4. Does the robin begin to sing as soon 
as it comes north? 

Series b (to be given the first week of 
April). 

1. How large is the robin compared 
with the English sparrow? 

2. What is the color of the beak? The 
eye? Around and above the eye? 

3. The color of the top of the head? 
The back? The throat? The breast? 

4. Do all the robins have equally bright 
colors on head, back, and breast? 

5. What is the color of the wing 
feathers? 

6. What is the color of the tail feath- 
ers? Where is the white on them? Can 
the white spots be seen except during 
flight of the bird? Of what use to the 
robin are these spots? 

7. Is there white on the underside of 
the robin as it flies over you? Where? 

8. What is the color of the feet and 
legs? 

Series c (to be given the second week 
of April). 

1 . At what time of day does the robin 
sing? Is it likely to sing before a rain? 
How many different songs does a robin 
sing? 

2. What note does a robin give when it 
sees a cat? 

3. What sounds do the robins make 
when they see a crow or a hawk? 

4. Does a robin run or walk or hop? 

5. Do you think it finds the hidden 
earthworm by listening? If so, describe the 
act. 

6. Describe how a robin acts as it pulls 
a big earthworm out of the ground. 

7. Do robins eat other food than earth- 
worms? 

Series d (to be given in the middle of 
April or a little later) . 

1. At what date did your pair of robins 
begin to build their nest? 

2. Where was the nest placed and with 
what material was it begun? 

3. Can you tell the difference in colors 
between the father and mother birds? Do 
both parents help in making the nest? 



62 



ANIMALS 



4. How and with what material is the 
plastering done? How is the nest molded 
into shape? Do both birds do this part of 
the work? 

5. Where is the mud obtained and how 
carried to the nest? 

6. How is the nest lined? 

Series e (to be given a week after 
series d). 

1. What is the number and color of 
the eggs in the nest? 

2. Do both parents do the sitting? 
Which sits on the nest during the night? 

3. Give the date when the first nestling 
hatches. 

4. How does the young robin look? 
The color and size of its beak? Why is its 
beak so large? Can it see? Is it covered 
with down? Compare it to a young chick 
and describe the difference between the 
two. 

5. What does the young robin do if it 
feels any jar against the nest? Why does 
it do this? 

6. Do the young robins make any noise? 

7. What do the parents feed their 
young? Do both parents feed them? Are 
the young fed in turns? 

8. Do you believe each pair of robins 
has a certain territory for hunting worms 
which is not trespassed upon by other 
robins? 

Series f (to be given three days after 
series e). 



1. How long after hatching before the 
young robin's eyes are open? Can you see 
where the feathers are going to grow? 
How do the young feathers look? 

2. How long after hatching before the 
young birds are covered with feathers? 

3. Do their wing or tail feathers come 
first? 

4. How is the nest kept clean? 

5. Give the date when the young robins 
leave the nest. How do the old robins act 
at this important crisis? 

6. Describe the young robin's flight. 
Why is it so unsteady? 

7. How do the young robins differ in 
colors of breast from the parents? 

8. Do the parents stay with the young 
for a time? What care do they give them? 

9. If the parents raise a second brood, 
do they use the same nest? 

Series g (to be given for summer read- 
ing and observations ) . 

1. Do the robins sing all summer? 
Why? 

2. Do the robins take your berries and 
cherries? How can you prevent them from 
doing this? 

3. Flow does the robin help us? 

4. How long does it stay with us in the 
fall? 

5. What are the chief enemies of the 
robin and how does it fight or escape 
them? How can we help protect it? 

6. Do you think the same robins come 
back to us each year? 



THE BLUEBIRD 



Stern as were our Pilgrim Fathers, they 
could not fail to welcome certain birds 
with plumage the color of June skies, 
whose sweet voices brought hope and 
cheer to their homesick hearts at the close 
of that first, long, hard winter of 1621. 
The red breasts of these birds brought 
to memory the robins of old England, and 
so they were called " blue robins "; and 
this name expresses well the relationship 
implied, because the bluebirds and robins 
of America are both members of the 



thrush family, a family noted for exquisite 
song. 

The bluebirds are usually ahead of the 
robins in the northward journey and often 
arrive in New York arnid the blizzards of 
early March, their soft, rich " curly " notes 
bringing, even to the doubting mind, glad 
convictions of coming spring. There is a 
family resemblance between voices of 
bluebird and robin, a certain rich quality 
of tone; but the robin's song is far more 
assertive and complex than is the soft, 



BIRDS 

"purling" song of the bluebird, which 
has been vocalized as " tru-al-ly, tru-al-ly." 
These love songs cease with the hard work 
of feeding the nestlings, but may be heard 
again as a prelude to the second brood in 
June. The red breast of the bluebird is its 
only color resemblance to the robin, al- 
though the young bluebirds and robins are 
both spotted, showing the thrush colors. 
The robin is so much larger than the blue- 
bird that commonly the relationship is 
not noticed. This is easily explained be- 
cause there is nothing to suggest a robin 
in the exquisite cerulean blue of the blue- 
bird's head, back, tail, and wings. This 
color is most brilliant when the bird is 
on the wing, in the sunshine. However, 
there is a certain mirror-like quality in 
these blue feathers; and among leaf shad- 
ows or even among bare branches they 
in a measure reflect the surroundings and 
thus render the bird less noticeable. 
The female is paler, being grayish blue 
above and with only a tinge of red-brown 





This bluebird is nesting in a cavity drilled by 
a woodpecker the previous year 



Leonard K. Beyer 

A hollow fence post is a common home of 
the bluebird. The young are fed chiefly on 
insects 



on the breast; both birds are white 
beneath. 

The bluebirds haunt open woods, fields 
of second growth, and especially old or- 
chards. They flit about in companies of 
three or four until they mate for nesting. 
While feeding, the bluebird usually sits on 
a low branch keeping a keen eye on the 
ground below, now and then dropping 
suddenly on an unsuspecting insect and 
then returning to its perch; it does not re- 
main on the ground hunting food as does 
the robin. The nest is usually built in a 
hole in a tree or post and is made of soft 
grass. A hollow apple tree is a favorite 
nesting site. 

In building birdhouses we should bear 
in mind that a cavity about ten inches 
deep and six inches in height and width 
will give a pair of bluebirds room for 
building a nest. The opening should not 
be more than two or two and one-half 
inches in diameter and there should be 
no threshold; this latter is a very particu- 
lar point. If there is a threshold or place 
to alight upon, the sparrows are likely to 
dispute with the bluebirds and drive them 
away, but the sparrow does not care for a 



64 ANIMALS 

place which has no threshold. The box for 
the bluebird may be made out of old 
boards or may be a section of an old tree 
trunk; it should be fastened from six to 
fifteen feet above the ground, and should 
be in nowise noticeable in color from its 
surroundings. To protect the nest from 
cats, barbed wire should be wound around 
the tree or post below the box. If the box 
for the nest is placed upon a post, the 
barbed wire will also protect it from 
the squirrels. The eggs are bluish white; 
the young birds in their first feathers are 
spotted on the back and have whitish 
breasts mottled with brown. The food of 
the nestlings is almost entirely insects. In 
fact, this bird during its entire life is a 
great friend to man. The food of the adult 
is more than three-fourths insects and the 
remainder is wild berries and fruits, the 
winter food being largely mistletoe ber- 
ries. It makes a specialty of beetles, cater- 
pillars, and grasshoppers, and seems never 
to touch any of our cultivated fruits. We 
should do everything in our power to en- 
courage and protect these birds from their 
enemies, which are chiefly cats, squirrels, 
and English sparrows. 

The migration takes place in flocks dur- 
ing autumn, but it is done in a most lei- 
surely manner with frequent stops where 
food is plenty. The bluebirds we see in 
September are probably not the ones we 
have had with us during the summer, but 
are those which have come from farther 
north. 

They winter largely in the Gulf states; 
the writer has often heard them singing 
in midwinter in southern Mississippi. The 
bluebirds seem to be the only ones that 
sing while at their winter resorts. They live 
the year round in the Bermudas, contrast- 
ing their heavenly blue plumage with the 
vivid red of the cardinals. The bluebird 
should not be confused with the indigo 
bunting; the latter is darker blue and has a 
blue breast. 

SUGGESTED READING American Bird 
Biographies, by A. A. Allen; Audubon 
Bird Leaflet 24; Bird-House to Let, by 
Mary F. Terrel; Bird Stories from Bur- 
roughs, by John Burroughs; First Lessons 



in Nature Study, by Edith M. Patch; Na- 
ture and Science Readers, by Edith M. 
Patch and Harrison E. Howe, Book i, 
Hunting, Book 2, Outdoor Visits; Science 
Stories, by Wilbur L. Beauchamp, W. S. 
Gray and Co-authors, Book i; also, read- 
ings on pages 28-29. 

Winged lute that we call a bluebird, 

You blend in a silver strain 
The sound of the laughing waters, 

The patter of spring's sweet rain, 
The voice of the winds, the sunshine, 

And fragrance of blossoming things. 
Ah! You are an April poem, 

That God has dowered with wings. 
" THE BLUEBIRD/' REXFORD 



LESSON 12 
THE BLUEBIRD 

LEADING THOUGHT The bluebird is 
related to the robins and thrushes and is 
as beneficial as it is beautiful. We should 
study its habits and learn how to make 
nesting boxes for it, and protect it in all 
ways. 

METHOD The observations of this 
lesson must be made in the field and by 
the pupils individually. Give to each an 
outline of questions to answer through 
seeing. There should follow reading les- 
sons on the bluebird's value to us and its 
winter migrations, and the lesson should 
end in discussions of the best way to build 
boxes for its use in nesting season, its pro- 
tection from cats and other enemies. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Which comes north 
earlier in spring, the robin or the blue- 
bird? 

2. How do the two resemble each othei 
and differ from each other? 

3. Describe the bluebirds' song. Do 
they sing all summer? 

4. Describe the colors of the bluebird 
as follows: the head, back, breast, under 
parts, wings, tail. Flow does the male blue- 
bird differ from his mate in colors? 

5. Where were the bluebirds you saw? 
What were they doing? If feeding, how 
did they act? 

6. Can you see the color of the blue- 



bird as plainly when it is in a tree as when 
it is flying? If not, why? 

7. Where do the bluebirds build their 
nests? Of what material are the nests 
made? Do both parents work at the nest 
building? 

8. What is the color of the eggs? How 
do the young birds look, when old enough 
to leave the nest, as compared with their 
parents? 

9. What do the bluebirds eat? How do 
they benefit us? 

10. What can we do to induce the blue- 
birds to live near our houses? How can we 
protect them? 

1 1 . Where do the bluebirds spend the 
winter? 



BIRDS 65 

12. Make a colored picture of a blue- 
bird. How can we tell the bluebird from 
the indigo bunting? 

13. What are the bluebirds* chief ene- 
mies? 



Hark/ 'tis the bluebird's venturous strain 
High on the old fringed elm at the 

gate - 
Sweet-voiced, valiant on the swaying 

bough, 
Alert, elate, 
Dodging the fitful spits of snow, 

New England's poet-laureate 
Telling us Spring has come again/ 

THOMAS BAILEY ALDRICH 



THE WHITE-BREASTED NUTHATCH 

The busy nuthatch climbs his tree 
Around the great bole spirally, 
Peeping into wrinkles gray, 
Under ruffled lichens gay, 
Lazily piping one sharp note 
From his silver mailed throat. 

MAURICE THOMPSON 



Blithe and mellow is the ringing " ank, 
ank " note of the nuthatch, and why need 
we allude to its nasal timbre! While it 
is not a strictly musical note, it has a most 
enticing quality and translates into sound 
the picture of bare-branched trees and the 
feeling of enchantment which permeates 
the forest in winter; it is one of the most 
"woodsy" notes in the bird repertoire. 
And while the singer of this note is not 
so bewitching as his constant chum the 
chickadee, yet he has many interesting 
ways quite his own. Nor is this "ank, 
ank " his only note. I have often heard 
a pair talking to each other in sweet confi- 
dential syllables, " wit, wit, wit/' very dif- 
ferent from the loud note meant for the 
world at large. The nuthatches and chicka- 
dees hunt together all winter; it is no mere 
business partnership but a matter of con- 
genial tastes. The chickadees hunt over 
the twigs and smaller branches, while the 
nuthatches usually prefer the tree trunks 



and the bases of the branches; both birds 
like the looks of the world upside down, 
and while the chickadee hangs head down 
from a twig, the nuthatch is quite likely 
to alight head down on a tree bole, hold- 
ing itself safely in this position by thrust- 
ing its toes out at right angles to the body, 
thus getting a firm hold upon the bark. 
Sometimes its foot will be twisted com- 
pletely around, the front toes pointed 
up the tree. The foot is well adapted for 
clinging to the bark as the front toes are 
strong and the hind toe is very long 
and is armed with a strong claw. Thus 
equipped, this bird runs about on the tree 
so rapidly that it has earned the name of 
"tree mouse/' It often ascends a tree 
trunk spirally but is not so hidebound in 
this habit as is the brown creeper. It runs 
up or down freely, head first, and never 
flops down backwards like a woodpecker. 
In color the nuthatch is bluish gray 
above with white throat and breast and 



66 



reddish underparts. The sides of the head 
are white; the black cap extends back upon 
the neck but is not " pulled down " to the 
eyes as with the chickadees. The wing 
feathers are dark brown edged with pale 
gray. The upper middle tail feathers are 
bluish like the back; the others are dark 
brown and tipped with white in such a 



ANIMALS 

acorn into a seam in the bark and then 
throw back its head, woodpecker fashion, 
and drive home its chisel beak. But it does 
not always use common sense in this 
habit. I have often seen one cut off a piece 
of suet, fly off and thrust it into some 
crevice, and hammer it as hard as if it 
were encased in a walnut shell. This al- 




A family oj white-breasted nuthatches 



S. A. Grimes 



manner that the tail when spread shows 
a broad white border on both sides. The 
most striking contrast between the chicka- 
dee and nuthatch in markings is that the 
latter lacks the black bib. However, its 
entire shape is very different from that 
of the chickadee and its beak is long and 
slender, being as long as its head or longer, 
while the beak of the chickadee is a 
short, sharp little pick. The bill of the 
nuthatch is fitted to reach in crevices of 
the bark and pull out hiding insects, or 
to hammer open the shell of nut or acorn 
and get both the meat of the nut and the 
grub feeding upon it. It will wedge an 



ways seems bad manners, like carrying off 
fruit from table d'hote; but the nuthatch 
is polite enough in using a napkin, for 
after eating the suet, it invariably wipes its 
bill on a branch most assiduously, first 
one side then the other, until it is per- 
fectly clean. 

The nuthatches are a great benefit to 
our trees in winter, for then is when they 
hunt for hiding pests on the trunks. 
Their food consists of beetles, caterpillars, 
pupas of various insects, also seeds of rag- 
weed, sunflowers, acorns, etc. While the 
nuthatch finds much of its food on trees, 
yet Mr. Torrey has seen it awkwardly turn- 



BIRDS 



ing over fallen leaves hunting for insects, 
and Mr. Baskett says it sometimes catches 
insects on the wing and gets quite out of 
breath from this unusual exercise. 

It is only during the winter that we com- 
monly see the nuthatches, for during the 
nesting season they usually retire to the 
deep woods, where they may occupy a 
cavity in a tree used by a woodpecker last 
year, or may make a hole for themselves 
with their sharp beaks. The nest is lined 
with leaves, feathers, and hair; from five 
to nine creamy, speckled eggs are the 
treasure of this cave. 

SUGGESTED READING Audubon Bird 
Leaflet 59; The Nature Hour, by Lucille 
Nicol, S. M. Levenson, and Teressa Kahn, 
Sixth Year, Spring; also, readings on 
pages 28-29. 

LESSON 13 
THE NUTHATCH 

LEADING THOUGHT The nuthatch is 
often a companion of the chickadees and 
woodpeckers. It has no black bib, like the 
chickadee, and it alights on a tree trunk 
head downward, which distinguishes it 
from woodpeckers. 

METHOD This bird, like the chicka- 
dee and downy, gladly shares the suet ban- 





A characteristic pose 



L. H. Bailey 



Leonard K. Beyer 

The nuthatch runs head first down tree 
trunks in search of insects. Here he is eating 
suet which has been fastened to the tree 



quet we prepare for them and may be ob- 
served at leisure while " at table." The 
contrast between the habits of the nut- 
hatch and those of its companions makes 
it a most valuable aid in stimulating close 
and keen observation on the part of the 
pupils. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Where have you 
seen the nuthatches? Were they with 
other birds? What other birds? 

2. Does a nuthatch usually alight on 
the ends of the branches of a tree or on 
the trunk and larger limbs? Does it usu- 
ally alight head down or up? When it runs 
down the tree, does it go head first or does 
it back down? When it ascends the tree, 
does it follow a spiral path? Does it use 
its tail for a brace when climbing, as does 
the downy? 

3. How does the arrangement of the 
nuthatch's toes assist it in climbing? Are 
the three front toes of each foot directed 
downward when the bird alights head 
downward? How does it manage its feet 
when in this position? 

4. What is the general color of the nut- 
hatch above and below? The color of the 
top and sides of head? Color of back? 
Wings? Tail? Throat? Breast? 

5. Does the black cap come down to 



68 



ANIMALS 



the eyes on the nuthatch as on the chicka- 
dee? Has the nuthatch a black bib? 

6. What is the shape of the beak of the 
nuthatch? For what is it adapted? How 
does it differ from the beak of the chicka- 
dee? 

7. What is the food of the nuthatch? 
Where is it found? Does it open nuts for 
the grubs or the nut meat? Observe the 
way it strikes its beak into the suet; why 
does it strike so hard? 



8. How would you spell this bird's 
note? Have you heard it give more than 
one note? 

9. How does the nuthatch benefit our 
trees? At what season does it benefit them 
most? Why? 

10. Where do the nuthatches build 
their nests? Why do we see the nut- 
hatches oftener in winter than in sum- 
mer? 






Acadian chickadees 



Olin Sewall Pettingill, Jr. 



THE CHICKADEE 

He Is the hero of the woods; there are courage and good nature enough in that 
compact little body, which you may hide in your fist, to supply a whole groveful 
of May songsters. He has the Spartan virtue of an eagle, the cheerfulness of a thrush, 
the nimbleness of Code Sparrow, the endurance of the sea-birds condensed into his 
tiny frame, and there have been added a pertness and ingenuity all his own. His curi- 
osity is immense, and his audacity equal to it; I have even had one alight upon the 
barrel of the gun over my shoulders as I sat quietly under his tree. 

ERNEST INGERSOLL 



However careless we may be of our bird 
friends when we are in the midst of the 
luxurious life of summer, even the most 
careless among us give pleased attention 
to the birds that bravely endure with 
us the rigors of winter. And when this 
winged companion of winter proves to be 
the most fascinating little ball of feathers 
ever created, constantly overflowing with 
cheerful song, our pleased attention 
changes to active delight. Thus it is, that 
in all the lands of snowy winters the 
chickadee is a loved comrade of the coun- 
try wayfarer; that happy song " chick-a- 
dee-dee-dee " finds its way to the dullest 



consciousness and the most callous heart. 
The chickadees appear in small flocks 
in the winter and often in company with 
the nuthatches. The chickadees work on 
the twigs and ends of branches, while the 
nuthatches usually mine the bark of the 
trunk and larger branches, the former 
hunting insect eggs and the latter, insects 
tucked away in winter quarters. When the 
chickadee is prospecting for eggs, it first 
looks the twig over from above and then 
hangs head down and inspects it from be- 
low; it is a thorough worker and doesn't in- 
tend to overlook anything whatever; and 
however busily it is hunting, it always finds 



BIRDS 



time for singing; whether on the wing or 
perched upon a twig or hanging from it 
like an acrobat, head down, it sends forth 
its happy " chickadeedee " to assure us 
that this world is all right and good 
enough for anybody. Besides this song, it 
begins in February to sing a most seductive 
" fee-bee/ 7 giving a rising inflection to the 
first syllable and a long, falling inflection 
to the last, which makes it a very different 
song from the short, jerky notes of the 
flycatcher called phoebe, which cuts the 
last syllable short and gives it a rising in- 
flection. More than this, the chickadee 
has some chatty conversational notes, and 
now and then performs a bewitching little 
yodel, which is a fit expression of its own 
delicious personality. 

The general effect of the colors of the 
chickadee is grayish brown above and 
grayish white below. The top of the head 
is black, the sides white, and it has a se- 
ductive little black bib under its chin. 
The back is grayish, the wings and tail are 
dark gray, the feathers having white mar- 
gins. The breast is grayish white changing 
to buff or brownish at the sides and below. 
It is often called the " Black-capped Tit- 
mouse/ 7 and it may always be distin- 









S. A. Grimes 

Black-capped chickadees. The friendly chick- 
adee is easily tamed 




A " banded ' 



Leonard K. Beyer 

chickadee 



guished by black cap and black bib. It is 
smaller than the English sparrow; its beak 
is a sharp little pick just fitted for taking 
insect eggs off twigs and from under bark. 
Insects are obliged to pass the winter in 
some stage of their existence, and many of 
them wisely remain in the egg until there 
is something worth doing in the way of 
eating. These eggs are glued fast to the 
food trees by the mother insect and thus 
provide abundant food for the chicka- 
dees. It has been estimated that one 
chickadee will destroy several hundred in- 
sect eggs in one day, and it has been 
proved that orchards frequented by these 
birds are much more free from insect pests 
than other orchards in the same locality. 
They can be enticed into orchards by put- 
ting up beef fat or bones and thus we 
can secure their valuable service. In sum- 
mer these birds attack caterpillars and 
other insects. 

When it comes to nest building, if the 
chickadees cannot find a house to rent 
they proceed to dig out a proper hole from 
some decaying tree, which they line with 
moss, feathers, fur, or some other soft ma- 
terial. The nest is often not higher than 
six to ten feet from the ground. One 
which I studied was in a decaying fence 
post. The eggs are white, sparsely speckled 
and spotted with lilac or rufous. The 
young birds are often eight in number. 
How these fubsy birdlings manage to pack 
themselves in such a small hole is a won- 
der; it probably gives them good discipline 
in bearing hardships cheerfully. 



7 o 



ANIMALS 



SUGGESTED READING American Bird 
Biographies, by A. A. Allen; Aiidubon 
Bird Leaflet 61; Bird Stories, by Edith M. 
Patch; Bird Stories from Burroughs, by 
John Burroughs; Nature and Science 
Readers, by Edith M. Patch and Harrison 
E. Howe, Book 2, Outdoor Visits; Win- 
ter, by Dallas Lore Sharp; also, readings on 
pages 28-29. 

LESSON 14 
THE CHICKADEE 

LEADING THOUGHT The chickadee is 
as useful as it is delightful; it remains in 
the North during winter, working hard 
to clear our trees of insect eggs and sing- 
ing cheerily all day. It is so friendly that 
we can induce it to come even to the 
window sill by putting out suet to show 
our friendly interest. 




METHOD Put beef fat on the trees 
near the schoolhouse in December and 
replenish it about every two or three 
weeks. The chickadees will come to the 
feast and may be observed all winter. Give 
the questions a few at a time and let the 
children read in the bird books a record of 
the benefits derived from this bird. 



OBSERVATIONS i . Where have you 
seen the chickadees? What were they do- 
ing? Were there several together? 

2. What is the common song of the 
chickadee? What other notes has it? Have 
you heard it yodel? Have you heard it 
sing " fee-bee, fee-bee "? How does this 
song differ from that of the phcebe? Does 
it sing on the wing or when at rest? 

3. What is the color of the chickadee: 
top and sides of head, back, wings, tail, 
throat, breast, under parts? 

4. Compare the size of the chickadee 
with that of the English sparrow. 

5. What is the shape of the chickadee's 
bill and for what is it adapted? What is 
the food in winter? Where does the bird 
find it? How does it act when feeding and 
hunting for food? 

6. Does the chickadee usually alight on 
the ends of the branches or on the larger 
portions near the trunk of the tree? 

7. How can you distinguish the chicka- 
dees from their companions, the nut- 
hatches? 

8. Does the chickadee ever seem dis- 
couraged by the snow and cold weather? 
Do you know another name for the 
chickadee? 

9. Where does it build its nest? Of 
what material? Have you ever watched 
one of these nests? If so, tell about it. 

10. How does the chickadee benefit our 
orchards and shade trees? How can we 
induce it to feel at home with us and work 
for us? 



THE DOWNY WOODPECKER 



Friend Downy is the name this at- 
tractive little neighbor has earned, be- 
cause it is so friendly to those of us who 
love trees. Watch it as it hunts each crack 
and crevice of the bark of your favorite 
apple or shade tree, seeking assiduously for 
cocoons and insects hiding there, and you 
will soon, of your own accord, call it 
friend; you will soon love its black and 
white uniform, which consists of a black 
coat speckled and barred with white, and 
whitish gray vest and trousers. The front 



of the head is black and there is a black 
streak extending backward from the eye 
with a white streak above and also below 
it. The male has a vivid red patch on the 
back of the head, but his wife shows no 
such giddiness; plain black and white are 
good enough for her. In both sexes the 
throat and breast are white, the middle 
tail feathers black, while the side tail feath- 
ers are white, barred with black at their 
tips. 
The downy has a way of alighting low 



BIRDS 

down on a tree trunk or at the base of a 
larger branch and climbing upward in a 
jerky fashion; it never runs about over the 
tree nor does it turn around and go down 
head Erst, like the nuthatch; if it wishes 
to go down a short distance it accom- 
plishes this by a few awkward, backward 
hops; but when it really wishes to descend, 
it flies off and down. The downy, like 
other woodpeckers, has a special arrange- 
ment of its physical machinery which en- 
ables it to climb trees in its own manner. 
It can grasp the bark on the side of a tree 
more firmly because its fourth toe is 
turned backward and works as a com- 
panion with the thumb. Thus it is able 
to clutch the bark as with a pair of nip- 
pers, two claws in front and two claws be- 
hind; and as another aid, the tail is ar- 
ranged to prop the bird, like a bracket. 
The tail is rounded in shape and the mid- 
dle feathers have rather strong quills; but 
the secret of the adhesion of the tail to 
the bark lies in the great profusion of 
barbs which, at the edge of the feathers, 
offer bristling tips, and when applied to 
the side of the tree act like a wire brush 
with all the wires pushing downward. 
This explains why the woodpecker can- 
not go backward without lifting the tail. 
But even more wonderful than this is 
the mechanism by which the downy and 
hairy woodpeckers get their food, which 
consists largely of wood-borers or larvae 
working under the bark. When the wood- 
pecker wishes to get a grub in the wood, 
it seizes the bark firmly with its feet, uses 
its tail as a brace, throws its head and up- 
per part of the body as far back as pos- 
sible, and then drives a powerful blow 
with its strong beak. The beak is adapted 
for just this purpose, as it is wedge-shaped 
at the end, and is used like a mason's drill 
sometimes, and sometimes like a pick. 
When the bird uses its beak as a pick, it 
strikes hard, deliberate blows and the 
chips fly; but when it is drilling, it strikes 
rapidly and not so hard and quickly drills 
a small, deep hole leading directly to the 
burrow of the grub. When finally the grub 
is reached, it would seem well-nigh impos- 
sible to pull it out through a hole which is 




Friend Downy 



L. "W. Brownell 



too small and deep to admit of the beak 
being used as pincers. This is another story 
and a very interesting one; the downy and 
hairy can both extend their tongues far 
beyond the point of the beak, and the tip 
of the tongue is hard and horny and cov- 
ered with short backward-slanting hooks 
acting like a spear or harpoon; and thus 
when the tongue is thrust into the grub it 
pulls it out easily. The bones of the tongue 
have a spring arrangement; when not in 




Friend Downy's foot 



use, the tongue lies soft in the mouth, like 
a wrinkled earthworm, but when in use ? 
the bones spring out, stretching it to its 
full length, and it is then slim and small. 
The process is like fastening a pencil to the 
tip of a glove finger; when drawn back the 
finger is wrinkled together, but when 
thrust out, it straightens. This spring ar- 
rangement of the bones of the woodpeck- 
er's tongue is a marvelous mechanism 
and should be studied through pictures. 
Since the food of the downy and the 



ANIMALS 



hairy is where they can get it all winter, 
there is no need for them to go south; 
thus they stay with us and work for us the 
entire year. We should try to make them 
feel at home with us in our orchards and 
shade trees by putting up pieces of beef 
fat, to convince them of their welcome. 
No amount of free food will pauperize 
these birds, for as soon as they have eaten 
of the fat, they commence to hunt for 
grubs on the tree and thus earn their feast. 
They never injure live wood. 

James Whitcomb Riley describes the 
drumming of the woodpecker as " weed- 




A. A. Allen 



Part of the tree has been cut away to show 
Downy's nest 

ing out the lonesomeness " and that is ex- 
actly what the drumming of the wood- 
pecker means. The male selects some 
dried limb of hard wood and there beats 
out his well-known signal which adver- 
tises far and near, " Wanted, a wife." And 
after he wins her, he still drums on for a 
time to cheer her while she is busy with 
her family cares. The woodpecker has no 
voice for singing, like the robin or thrush; 
and luckily, he does not insist on singing, 
like the peacock, whether he can or not. 
He chooses rather to devote his voice to 
terse and business-like conversation; and 
when he is musically inclined, he turns 
drummer. He is rather particular about his 
instrument, and having found one that is 



sufficiently resonant he returns to it day 
after day. While it is ordinarily the male 
that drums, I once observed a female 
drumming. I told her that she was a bold 
minx and ought to be ashamed of her- 
self; but within twenty minutes she had 
drummed up two red-capped suitors who 
chased each other about with great ani- 
mosity, so her performance was evidently 
not considered improper in woodpecker 
society. I have watched a rival pair of male 
downies fight for hours at a time, but their 
duel was of the French brand much 
fuss and no bloodshed. They advanced 
upon each other with much haughty glar- 
ing and many scornful bobs of the head, 
but when they were sufficiently near to 
stab each other they beat a mutual and 
circumspect retreat. Although we hear the 
male clownies drumming every spring, I 
doubt if they are calling for new wives; I 
believe they are, instead, calling the atten- 
tion of their lawful spouses to the fact that 
it is time for nest building to begin. I have 
come to this conclusion because the 
downies and hairies which I have watched 
for years have always come in pairs to par- 
take of suet during the entire winter; and 
while only one at a time sits at meat and 
the lord and master is somewhat bossy, yet 
they seem to get along as well as most mar- 
ried pairs. 

The downy 7 s nest is a hole, usually in a 
partly decayed tree; an old apple tree is a 
favorite site and a fresh excavation is made 
each year. There are from four to six white 
eggs, which are laid on a nice bed of chips 
almost as fine as sawdust. The cloor to the 
nest is a circle about an inch and a quarter 
across. 

The hairy woodpecker is fully one-third 
larger than the downy, measuring nine 
inches from tip of beak to tip of tail, while 
the downy measures only about six inches. 
The tail feathers at the side are white for 
the entire length, while they are barred at 
the tips in the downy. There is a black 
" parting " through the middle of the red 
patch on the back of the hairy 's head. The 
two species are so much alike that it is 
difficult for the beginner to tell them 
apart. Their habits are very similar, except 



BIRDS 

that the hairy lives in the woods and is not trunk? 
so commonly seen in orchards or on shade 
trees. The food of the hairy is much like 
that of the downy; it is, therefore, a 
beneficial bird and should be protected. 

SUGGESTED READING Audubon Bird 
Leaflet 55; Bird Stories from Burroughs, 
by John Burroughs; Mother Nature Series, 
by Fannie W. Dunn and Eleanor Trox- 
ell, Book 3, In Field and Forest; Nature 
and Science Readers, by Edith M. Patch 
and Harrison E. Howe, Book i, Hunting, 
Book 2, Outdoor Visits; also, readings on 
pages 28-29. 



LESSON 15 
THE DOWNY WOODPECKER 

LEADING THOUGHT The downy 
woodpecker remains with us all winter, 
feeding upon insects that are wintering in 
crevices and beneath the bark of our trees. 
It is fitted especially by shape of beak, 
tongue, feet, and tail to get such food and 
is a " friend in need " to our forest, shade, 
and orchard trees. 

METHOD If a piece of beef fat be 
fastened upon the trunk or branch of a 
tree which can be seen from the school- 
room windows, there will be no lack of in- 
terest in this friendly little bird; for the 
downy will sooner or later find this feast 
spread for it and will come every day to 
partake. Give out the questions, a few at a 
time, and discuss the answers with the 
pupils. 

OBSERVATIONS i . What is the gen- 
eral color of the downy above and below? 
The color of the top of the head? Sides of 
the head? The throat and breast? The 
color and markings of the wings? Color 
and markings of the middle and side tail 
feathers? 

2. Do all downy woodpeckers have the 
red patch at the back of the head? 

3. What is the note of the downy? 
Does it make any other sound? Have you 
ever seen one drumming? At what time of 
the year? On what did it drum? What did 
it use for a drumstick? What do you sup- 
pose was the purpose of this music? 

4. How does the downy climb a tree 



73 

How does it descend? How 
do its actions differ from those of the nut- 
hatch? 

5. How does the arrangement of the 
woodpecker's toes help it in climbing a 
tree trunk? How does this arrangement of 
toes differ from that of other birds? 

6. How does the downy use its tail to 
assist it in climbing? What is the shape of 
the tail and how is it adapted to assist? 

7. What does the downy eat and where 
does it find its food? Describe how it gets 
at its food. What is the shape of its bill 
and how is it fitted for getting the food? 
Tell how the downy's tongue is used to 
spear the grub. 

8. Why do you think the downy does 
not go south in winter? 

9. Of what use is this bird to us? How 
should we protect it and entice it into our 
orchards? 

10. Write an account of how the 
downy builds its nest and rears its young. 

A few seasons ago a downy woodpecker, 
probably the individual one who is now 
my winter neighbor, began to drum early 
in March in a partly decayed apple-tree 
that stands in the edge of a narrow strip of 
woodland near me. When the morning 
was still and mild I would often hear him 
through my window before I was up, or b} 
half-past six o'clock, and he would keep it 
up pretty briskly till nine or ten o'clock, in 
this respect resembling the grouse, which 
do most of their drumming in the fore- 
noon. His drum was the stub of a dry limb 
about the size of one's wrist. The heart 
was decayed and gone, but the outer shell 
was loud and resonant. The bird would 
keep his position there for an hour at a 
time. Between his drummings he would 
preen his plumage and listen as if for the 
response of the female, or for the drum of 
some rival. How swift his head would go 
when he was delivering his blows upon the 
limb/ His bealc wore the surface percep- 
tibly. When he wished to change the key, 
which was quite often, he would shift his 
position an inch or two to a knot which 
gave out a higher, shriller note. When I 
climbed up to examine his drum he was 



74 ANIMALS 

much disturbed. I did not know he was in 
the vicinity, but it seems he saw me from 
a near tree, and came in haste to the neigh- 
boring branches, and with spread plumage 
and a sharp note demanded plainly 
enough what my business was with his 
drum. I was invading his privacy, dese- 
crating his shrine, and the bird was much 
put out. After some weeks the female ap- 
peared; he had literally drummed up a 
mate; his urgent and oft-repeated adver- 
tisement was answered. Still the drum- 
ming did not cease, but was quite as fer- 
vent as before. If a mate could be won by 
drumming she could be kept and enter- 
tained by more drumming; courtship 



should not end with marriage. If the bird 
felt musical before, of course he felt much 
more so now. Besides that, the gentle 
deities needed propitiating in behalf of 
the nest and young as well as in behalf of 
the mate. After a time a second female 
came, when there was war between the 
two. I did not see them come to blows, 
but I saw one female pursuing the other 
about the place, and giving her no rest for 
several days. She was evidently trying to 
run her out of the neighborhood. Now 
and then she, too, would drum briefly as 
if sending a triumphant message to her 
mate. - " WINTER NEIGHBORS/' JOHN 
BURROUGHS 



THE SAPSUCKER 




L. A. Fuertes 

The yellow-bellied sapsucker 

The sapsucker is a woodpecker that 
has strayed from the paths of virtue; he 
has fallen into temptation by the wayside, 
and instead of drilling a hole for the sake 
of the grub at the end of it, he drills for 



drink. He is a tippler, and sap is his bev- 
erage; and he is also fond of the soft, inner 
bark. He often drills his holes in regular 
rows and thus girdles a limb or a tree, 
and for this is pronounced a rascal by men 
who have themselves ruthlessly cut from 
our land millions of trees that should now 
be standing. It is amusing to see a sap- 
sucker take his tipple, unless his saloon 
happens to be one of our prized young 
trees. He uses his bill as a pick and makes 
the chips fly as he taps the tree; then he 
goes away and taps another tree. After a 
time he comes back and holding his beak 
close to the hole for a long time seems to 
be sucking up the sap; he then throws 
back his head and " swigs " it down with 
every sign of delirious enjoyment. The 
avidity with which these birds come to the 
bleeding wells which they have made, lias 
in it all the fierceness of a toper crazy for 
drink; they are particularly foncl of the 
sap of the mountain ash, apple, thorn ap- 
ple, canoe birch, cut-leaf birch, red maple, 
red oak, white ash, and young pines. How- 
ever, the sapsucker does not live solely on 
sap; he also feeds upon insects whenever 
he can find them. When feeding their 
young, the sapsuckers are true flycatchers 
snatching insects while on the wing. The 
male has the crown and throat crimson, 
edged with black with a black line extend- 



BIRDS 



75 



ing back of the eye, bordered with white tree? If there are two rows or more, are the 
above and below. There is a large, black holes set evenly one below another? 
circular patch on the breast which is bor- ~ " 



dered at the sides and below with lemon 
yellow. The female is similar to the male 
and has a red forehead, but she has a 
white bib instead of a red one beneath the 
chin. The distinguishing marks of the sap- 
sucker should be learned by the pupils. 
The red is on the front of the head instead 
of on the crown, as is the case with the 



2. Do the holes sink into the wood, or 
are they simply through the bark? Why 
does it injure or kill a tree to be girdled 
with these holes? Have you ever seen the 
sapsuckers making these'holes? If so, how 
did they act? 

3. How many kinds of trees can you 
find punctured by these holes? Are they 
likely to be young trees? 

downy and hairy; when the bird is flying 4. How can you distinguish the sap- 
the broad, white stripes extending from sucker from the other woodpeckers? How 
the shoulders backward, form a long, oval have the hairy and downy which are such 
figure, which is very characteristic. 

The sapsuckers spend the winter in the 
southern states where they drill wells in 
the white oak and other trees. From Vir- 
ginia to northern New York and New 
England, where they breed, they are seen 
only during migration, which occurs in 
April; then the birds appear two and three 
together and are very bold in attacking 
shade trees, especially the white birch. 
They nest only in the northern United 
States and northward. The nest is usually In the following winter the same bird 
a hole in a tree about forty feet from the (a sapsuclcer) tapped a maple-tree in front 
ground, and is likely to be in a dead birch, of my window in fifty-six places; and, 
SUGGESTED READING Audubon Bird when the day was sunny and the sap oozed 
Leaflet 102; also, readings on pages 28-29. out he spent most of his time there. He 

knew the good sap-days, and was on hand 
promptly for his tipple; cold and cloudy 
days he did not appear. He knew which 
side of the tree to tap, too, and avoided 
the sunless northern exposure. When one 
series of well-holes failed to supply him, 
he would sink another, drilling through 
the barfc with great ease and quickness. 
Then, when the day was warm, and the 
sap ran freely, he would have a regular 
sugar-maple debauch, sitting there by his 
wells hour after hour, and as fast as they 
became filled sipping out the sap. This he 



good friends of the trees been made to suf- 
fer for the sapsucker's sins? 

5. What is the color of the sapsucker: 
forehead, sides of head, back, wings, 
throat, upper and lower breast? What is 
the difference in color between the male 
and female? 

6. In what part of the country do the 
sapsuckers build their nests? Where do 
they make their nests and how? 



LESSON 16 
THE SAPSUCKER 

LEADING THOUGHT The sapsucker 
has a red cap, a red bib, and a yellow 
breast; it is our only woodpecker that does 
injury to trees. We should learn to distin- 
guish it from the downy and hairy, as the 
latter are among the best bird friends of 
the trees. 

METHOD Let the observations begin 
with the study of the trees (common al- 
most everywhere) which have been at- 
tacked by the sapsucker, and thus lead 
to an interest in the culprit. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Have you seen the 
work of the sapsucker? Are the holes 
drilled in rows completely around the 



did in a gentle, caressing manner that was 
very suggestive. He made a row of wells 
near the foot of the tree, and other rows 
higher up, and he would hop up and down 
the trunk as they became filled. " WIN- 
TER NEIGHBORS/' JOHN BURROUGHS 



7 6 



ANIMALS 



THE REDHEADED WOODPECKER 



The redhead is well named, for his hel- 
met and visor show a vivid glowing crim- 
son that stirs the sensibilities of the color 
lover. It is readily distinguished from the 
other woodpeckers because its entire head 
and bib are red. For the rest, it is a beauti- 
ful dark metallic blue with the lower back, 
a band across the wing, and the under parts 
white; its outer tail feathers are tipped 
with white. The female is colored like the 




L. A. Fuertes 

The redheaded woodpecker 

male, but the young have the head and 
breast gray, streaked with black and white, 
and the wings barred with black. It may 
make its nest by excavating a hole in a tree 
or a stump or even in a telegraph pole; the 
eggs are glossy white. This woodpecker is 
quite different in habits from the hairy 
and downy, as it likes to flit along from 
stump to fence post and catch insects on 
the wing, like a flycatcher. The only time 
that it pecks wood is when it is making a 
hole for its nest. 
As a drummer, the redhead is most 



adept and his roll is a long one. He is an 
adaptable fellow, and if there is no reso- 
nant dead limb at hand, he has been 
known to drum on tin roofs and lightning 
rods; and once we also observed him exe- 
cuting a most brilliant solo on the wire 
of a barbed fence. He is especially fond of 
beechnuts and acorns, and being a thrifty 
fellow as well as musical, in time of plenty 
he stores up food against time of need. He 
places his nuts in crevices and forks of the 
branches or in holes in trees or any other 
hiding place. He can shell a beechnut 
quite as cleverly as can the deer mouse; 
and he is own cousin to the carpenter 
woodpecker of the Pacific Coast, which 
is also redheaded and which drills holes 
in the oak trees wherein he drives acorns 
like pegs for later use. 

SUGGESTED READING Audubon Bird 
Leaflet 43; Mother Nature Series, by Fan- 
nie W. Dunn and Eleanor Troxell, Book 
3, In Field and Forest; Nature and Science 
Readers, by Edith M. Patch and Harrison 
E. Howe, Book i, Hunting; also, readings 
on pages 28-29. 

LESSON 17 
THE REDHEADED WOODPECKER 

LEADING THOUGHT The redheaded 
woodpecker has very different habits from 
the downy and is not so useful to us. It 
lives upon nuts and fruit and such insects 
as it can catch upon the wing. 

METHOD If there is a redhead in the 
vicinity of your school the children will be 
sure to see it. Write the following ques- 
tions upon the blackboard and offer a 
prize to the first one who will make a note 
on where the redhead stores his winter 
food. 

OBSERVATIONS - 1. Can you tell the 
redhead from the other woodpeckers? 
What colors especially mark his plum- 
age? 

2. Where does the redhead nest? De- 
scribe eggs and nest. 



BIRDS 

3. What have you observed the red- 
head eating? Have you noticed it storing 
nuts and acorns for the winter? Have you 
noticed it flying off with cherries or other 
fruit? 

4. What is the note of the redhead? 
Have you ever seen one drumming? 
What did he use for a drum? Did he come 
back often to this place to make his music? 



77 



Another trait our woodpeckers have 
that endears them to me, and that has 
never been pointedly noticed by our orni- 
thologists, is their habit of drumming in 
the spring. They are songless birds, and yet 
all are musicians; they make the dry limbs 
eloquent of the coming change. Did you 
think that loud, sonorous hammering 
which proceeded from the orchard or 
from the near woods on that still March or 
April morning was only some bird getting 
its breakfast? It is downy, but he is not rap- 
ping at the door of a grub; he is rapping at 
the door of spring, and the dry limb thrills 
beneath the ardor of his blows. Or 7 later in 
the season, in the dense forest or by some 
remote mountain lake, does that meas- 
ured rhythmic beat that breaks upon the 
silence, first three strokes following each 
other rapidly, succeeded by two louder 
ones with longer intervals between them, 
and that has an effect upon the alert ear 
as if the solitude itself had at last found a 
voice does that suggest anything less 
than a deliberate musical performance? In 
fact, our woodpeckers are /ust as charac- 
teristically drummers as is the ruffed 



grouse, and they have their particular 
limbs and stubs to which they resort for 
that purpose. Their need of expression is 
apparently just as great as that of the song- 
birds, and it is not surprising that they 
should have found out that there is music 
in a dry, seasoned limb which can be 
evoked beneath their beaks. 

The woodpeckers do not each have a 
particular dry limb to which they resort at 
all times to drum, like the one I have de- 
scribed. The woods are fall of suitable 
branches, and they drum more or less here 
and there as they are in quest of food; yet I 
am convinced each one has its favorite 
spot, like the grouse, to which it resorts, es- 
pecially in the morning. The sugar-maker 
in the maple woods may notice that this 
sound proceeds from the same tree or trees 
about his camp with great regularity. A 
woodpecker in my vicinity has drummed 
for two seasons on a telegraph-pole ? and 
he makes the wires and glass insulators 
ring. Another drums on a thin board on 
the end of a long grape-arbor, and on still' 
mornings can be heard a long distance. 

A friend of mine in a Southern city tells 
me of a redheaded woodpecker that 
drums upon a lightning-rod on his neigh- 
bor's house. Nearly every clear, still morn- 
ing at certain seasons, he says, this musical 
rapping may be heard. " He alternates his 
tapping with his stridulous call, and the 
effect on a cool, autumn-like morning is 
very pleasing." " BIRDS, BEES AND SHARP 
EYES/' JOHN BURROUGHS 



THE FLICKER OR YELLOW-HAMMER 



The first time I ever saw a flicker I said, 
" What a wonderful meadowlark and 
what is it doing on that ant hill? " But an- 
other glance revealed to me a red spot on 
the back of the bird's neck, and as soon 
as I was sure that it was not a bloody gash, 
I knew that it marked no meadowlark. 
The top of the flicker's head and its back 
are slaty-gray, which is much enlivened by 
a bright red band across the nape of the 



neck. The tail is black above and yellow 
tipped with black below; the wings are 
black, but have a beautiful luminous yel- 
low beneath, which is very noticeable dur- 
ing flight. There is a locket adorning the 
breast; it is a thin, black crescent, much 
narrower than that of the meadowlark. 
Below the locket, the breast is yellowish 
white thickly marked with circular, black 
spots. The throat and sides of the head 




ANIMALS 



Olin Sewall Pettingill, Jr. 

A brood of seven young flickers 

are pinkish brown, and the male has a 
black mustache extending backward from 
the beak with a very fashionable droop. 
Naturally enough the female, although 
she resembles her spouse, lacks his mus- 
tache. The beak is long, strong, somewhat 
curved and dark colored. This bird is dis- 
tinctly larger than the robin. The white 
patch on the rump shows little or not at 
all when the bird is at rest. This white 
mark is known as a " color call " for it 
has been said that it serves as a rear signal 
by means of which the flock of migrating 
birds are able to keep together in the 
night. The yellow-hammer's flight is wave- 
like and jerky quite different from that 
of the meadowlark; it does not stay so 
constantly in the meadows, but often fre- 
quents woods and orchards. 

The flicker has many names, such as 
golden-winged woodpecker, yellow-ham- 
mer, highhole, yarup, wake-up, clape, and 
many others. It earned the name of high- 
hole because of its habit of excavating its 
nest high up in trees, usually between ten 
and twenty-five feet from the ground. It 
especially loves an old apple tree as a site 
for a nest, and most of our large old or- 
chards can boast of a pair of these hand- 
some birds during the nesting season of 
May and June. The flicker is not above 



renting any house he finds vacant, exca- 
vated by some other birds last year. He 
earned his name of yarup or wake-up from 
his spring song, which is a rollicking, jolly 
" wick-a, wick-a, wick-a-wick " a song 
commonly heard the last of March or early 
April. The chief insect food of the flicker 
is ants, although it also eats beetles, flies, 
and wild fruit; it does little or no damage 
to planted crops. Its tongue has become 
modified, like that of the anteater; it is 
long and is covered with a sticky sub- 
stance; and when it is thrust into an ant 
hill, all of the little citizens, disturbed in 
their communal labors, at once bravely 
attack the intruder and become glued fast 
to it; they are thus withdrawn and trans- 
ferred to the capacious stomach of the 
bird. It has been known to eat three thou- 
sand ants at a single meal. 

Those who have observed the flicker 
during the courting season declare him 
to be the most silly and vain of all bird 
wooers. Mr. Baskett says: "When he 
wishes to charm his sweetheart he mounts 
a small twig near her, and lifts his wings, 
spreads his tail, and begins to nod right 
and left as he exhibits his mustache to his 
charmer. He sets his jet locket first on one 
side of the twig and then on the other. 
He may even go so far as to turn his head 
half around to show her the pretty spot 




A. A. Allen 

The male 'flicker has a black mustache 



BIRDS 



on his back hair. In doing all this he per- 
forms the most ludicrous antics and has 
the silliest expression of face and voice as 
if in losing his heart, as some one phrases 
it, he had lost his head also." 

The nest hole is quite deep and the 
white eggs are from four to ten in num- 
ber. The feeding of the young flickers is a 
process painful to watch. The parent takes 
the food into its own stomach and par- 
tially digests it, then thrusts its own bill 
down the throat of the young one and 
pumps the soft food into it "kerchug, 
kerchug," until it seems as if the 
young one must be shaken to its foun- 
dations. The young flickers as soon as 
they leave the nest climb around freely 
on the home tree in a delightful, playful 
manner. 

SUGGESTED READING American Bird 
Biographies, by A. A. Allen; Audubon 
Bird Leaflet 5; Bird Stories from Bur- 
roughs, by John Burroughs; First Lessons 
in Nature Study, by Edith M. Patch; Na- 
ture and Science Readers, by Edith M. 
Patch and Harrison E. Howe, Book 5, 
Science at Home; also, readings on pages 
28-29. 





Olin Sewall Pettingill, Jr. 

The female flicker 



Stanley Mythaler 

The homes of flickers 

LESSON 18 
THE FLICKER 

LEADING THOUGHT The flicker is a 
true woodpecker but has changed its hab- 
its and spends much of its time in mead- 
ows hunting for ants and other insects; 
it makes its nest in trunks of trees, like 
its relatives. It can be distinguished from 
the meadowlark by the white patch above 
the tail which shows during flight. 

METHOD This is one of the most im- 
portant of the birds of the meadow. The 
work may be done in September, when 
there are plenty of young flickers which 
have not learned to be wary. The observa- 
tions may be made in the field, a few ques- 
tions being given at a time. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where do you 
find the flicker in the summer and early 
autumn? How can you tell it from the 
meadowlark in color and in flight? 

2. What is it doing in the meadows? 
How does it manage to trap ants? 

3. What is the size of the flicker as com- 
pared to the robin? What is its general 
color as compared to the meadowlark? 

4. Describe the colors of the flicker as 
follows: top and sides of the head, back 
of the neck, lower back, tail, wings, throat, 
and breast. Describe the color and shape of 
the beak. Is there a difference in markings 
between the males and females? 



8o 



ANIMALS 



5. Does the patch of white above the 
tail show, except when the bird is flying? 
Of what use is this to the bird? 

6. What is the flicker's note? At what 
time of spring do you hear it first? 

7. Where does the flicker build its nest 
and how? What is the color of the eggs? 
How many are there? 

8. How does it feed its young? How do 
the young flickers act? 

9. How many names do you know for 
the flicker? 

The high-hole appears to drum more 
promiscuously than does the downy. He 
utters his long, loud spring call, whick- 



whick-whick, and then begins to rap with 
his beak upon his perch before the last 
note has reached your ear. I have seen him 
drum sitting upon the ridge of the barn. 
The log-code, or pileated woodpecker, the 
largest and wildest of our Northern spe- 
cies, I have never heard drum. His blows 
should wake the echoes. 

When the woodpecker is searching for 
food, or laying siege to some hidden grub, 
the sound of his hammering is dead or 
muffled, and is heard but a few yards. It is 
only upon dry, seasoned timber, freed of 
its bark, that he beats his reveille to spring 
and woos his mate. " BIRDS, BEES AND 
SHARP EYES," JOHN BURROUGHS 



THE MEADOWLARK 




The meadowlark 



L. A. Fuertes 



The first intimation we have in early 
spring that the meadowlark is again with 
us comes to us through his soft, sweet, 
sad note which Van Dyke describes so 
graphically when he says it " leaks slowly 
upward from the ground." One wonders 
how a bird can express happiness in these 
melancholy, sweet, slurred notes, and yet 
undoubtedly it is a song expressing joy, 



the joy of returning home, the happiness 
of love and of nest building. 

The meadowlark, as is indicated by its 
name, is a bird of the meadow. It is often 
confused with another bird of the meadow 
which has very different habits, the flicker. 
The two are approximately of the same 
size and color and each has a black cres- 
cent or locket on the breast and each 
shows the " white feather " during flight. 
The latter is the chief distinguishing char- 
acteristic; the outer tail feathers of the 
meadowlark are white, while the tail feath- 
ers of the flicker are not white at all, but it 
has a single patch of white on the rump. 
The flight of the two is quite different. 
The lark lifts itself by several sharp move- 
ments and then soars smoothly over the 
course, while the flicker makes a continu- 
ous up-and-down, wavelike flight. The 
songs of the two would surely never be 
confused, for the meadowlark is among 
our sweetest singers, to which class the 
flicker with his " flick-a-flick " hardly be- 
longs. 

The colors of the meadowlark are most 
harmonious shades of brown and yellow, 
well set off by the black locket on its 
breast. Its wings are light brown, each 
feather being streaked with black and 
brown; the line above the eye is yellow, 
bordered with black above and below; a 



BIRDS 



81 



buff line extends from the beak backward 
over the crown. The wings are light brown 
and have a mere suggestion of white bars; 
portions of the outer feathers on each side 
of the tail are white, but this white does 
not show except during flight. The sides 
of the throat are greenish, the middle part 
and breast are lemon-yellow, with the 
large, black crescent just below the throat. 
The beak is long, strong, and black, and 
the meadowlark is decidedly a low-browed 
bird, the forehead being only slightly 
higher than the upper part of the beak. It 
is a little larger than the robin, which it 
rivals in plumpness. 

The meadowlark has a particular liking 
for meadows which border streams. It 
sings when on the ground, on the bush 
or fence and while on the wing; and it 
sings during the entire period of its north- 
ern stay, from April to November, ex- 
cept while it is moulting in late summer, 
Mr. Mathews, who is an eminent author- 
ity on bird songs, says that the meadow- 
larks of New York have a different song 
from those of Vermont or Nantucket, al- 
though the music has always the same 
general characteristics. The western spe- 
cies has a longer and more complex song 
than ours of the East. It is one of the few 
California birds that is a genuine joy to 
the eastern visitor; during February and 
March its heavenly music is as pervasive 
as the California sunshine. 





The meadowlark's arched nest 



R. W. Hegner 

A father prairie horned lark at his nest. 
These birds nest in early March, and often 
snow falls on the nest and brooding bird 

The nest is built in a depression in the 
ground near a tuft of grass; it is con- 
structed of coarse grass and sticks and is 
lined with finer grass; there is usually a 
dome of grass blades woven above the 
nest; and often a long, covered vestibule 
leading to the nest is made in a similar 
fashion. This is evidently for protection 
from the keen eyes of hawks and crows. 
The eggs are laid about the last of May 
and are usually from five to seven in num- 
ber; they are white, speckled with brown 
and purple. The young meadowlarks are 
usually large enough to be out of the way 
before haying time in July. 

The food of the meadowlark during the 
entire year consists almost exclusively of 
insects which destroy the grass of our 
meadows. It eats great quantities of grass- 
hoppers, cutworms, chinch bugs, army 
worms, wireworms, and weevils, and also 
destroys some weed seeds. Each pupil 
should make a diagram in his notebook 
showing the proportions of the meadow- 
lark's different kinds of food. This may be 
copied from Audubon Leaflet 3. Everyone 
should use his influence to the uttermost 
to protect this valuable bird. It has been 
estimated that the meadowlarks save to 
every township where hay is produced, 
twenty-five dollars each year on this crop 
alone. 

SUGGESTED READING Audubon Bird 
Leaflets 3 and 111; Holiday Meadow, by 
Edith M. Patch; also, readings on pages 
28-29. 



82 



ANIMALS 



LESSON 19 

THE MEADOWLARK 



LEADING THOUGHT The meadowlark 
is of great value in delivering the grass of 
our meadows from insect destroyers. It has 
a song which we all know; it can be iden- 
tified by color as a large, light brown bird 
with white feathers on each side of the 
tail, and in flight by its quick up-and- 
down movements finishing with long, low, 
smooth sailing. 

METHOD September and October are 
good months for observations on the 
flight, song, and appearance of the mead- 
owlark, and also for learning how to dis- 
tinguish it from the flicker. The notes 
must be made by the pupils in the field, 
and after they know the bird and its song 
let them, if they have opportunity, study 
the bird books and bulletins, and prepare 
written accounts of the way the meadow- 
lark builds its nest and of its economic 
value. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where have you 
seen the meadowlark? Did you ever see it 
in the woods? Describe its flight. How can 
you identify it by color when it is flying? 
How do its white patches and its flight dif- 
fer from those of the flicker? 

2. Try to imitate the meadowlarFs 
notes by song or whistle. Does it sing 
while on the ground, or on a bush or fence, 
or during flight? 

3. Note the day when you hear its last 
song in the fall and also its first song in the 
spring. Does it sing during August and 
September? Why? Where does it spend 
the winter? On what does it feed while in 
the South? 



4. Is the meadowlark larger or smaller 
than the robin? Describe from your own 
observations, as far as possible, the colors 
of the meadowlark as follows: top of head, 
line above the eye, back, wings, tail, 
throat, breast, locket, color and shape of 
beak. Make a sketch of your own or a 
copy from Louis Fuertes 7 excellent picture 
of the meadowlark in the Audubon Leaf- 
let, and color it accurately. 

5. When is the nest built; where is it 
placed; of what material is it built? How is 
it protected from sight from above? Why 
this protection? How many eggs are there 
in the nest? What are their colors and 
markings? 

6. What is the food of the meadow- 
lark? Copy the diagram from the Audu- 
bon Leaflet, showing the proportions of 
the different kinds of insects which it de- 
stroys. 

Sweet, sweet, sweet/ O happy that I am! 
(Listen to the meadow-larks, across the 

fields that sing/) 
Sweet, sweet, sweet/ O subtle breath of 

balm, 

O winds that blow, O buds that grow, 
O rapture of the spring/ 

Sweet, sweet, sweet/ O happy world that 

is/ ' 
Dear heart, I hear across the fields my 

mateling pipe and call 
Sweet, sweet, sweet/ O world so full of 

bliss, 

For life is love, the world is love, and 
love is overall/ 

INA COOLBRITH 



BIRDS 




English sparrows at a feeding station 



S. A. Grimes 



THE ENGLISH SPARROW 

So dainty in plumage and hue, 

A study in grey and in brown ? 
How little, how little we knew 

The pest he would prove to the town/ 
From dawn until daylight grows dim. 

Perpetual chatter and scold. 
No winter migration for him, 

Not even afraid of the cold/ 
Scarce a song-bird he fails to molest, 

Belligerent, meddlesome thing/ 
Wherever he goes as a guest 

He is sure to remain as a King. 

MARY ISABELLA FORSYTH 



The English sparrow, like the poor and 
the housefly, is always with us; and since 
he is here to stay, let us make him useful 
if we can devise any means of doing so. 
There is no bird that gives the pupils a 
more difficult exercise in describing colors 
and markings than does he; and his wife 
is almost equally difficult. I have known 
fairly skilled ornithologists to be misled 
by some variation in color of the hen spar- 
row, and it is safe to assert that the ma- 
jority of people " do not know her from 
Adam/' The male has the top of the head 
gray with a patch of reddish brown on 
either side; the middle of the throat and 



upper breast is black; the sides of the 
throat white; the lower breast and under 
parts grayish white; the back is brown 
streaked with black; the tail is brown, 
rather short, and not notched at the tip; 
the wings are brown with two white bars 
and a jaunty dash of reddish brown. The 
female has the head grayish brown, the 
breast, throat, and under parts grayish 
white; the back is brown streaked with 
black and dirty yellow, and she is, on the 
whole, a " washed out " looking lady bird. 
The differences in color and size between 
the English sparrow and the chippy are 
quite noticeable, as the chippy is an inch 



84 ANIMALS 

shorter and far more slender in appear- 
ance, and is especially marked by the red- 
dish brown crown. 

When feeding, the English sparrows 
are aggressive, and their lack of table man- 
ners make them the " goops " among all 
birds; in the winter they settle in noisy 
flocks on the street to pick up the grain 
undigested by the horses, or in barnyards 
where the grain has been scattered by the 
farm animals. They only eat weed seeds 
when other food fails them in the winter, 
for they are civilized birds even if they do 
not act so, and they much prefer the culti- 
vated grains. It is only during the nesting 
season that they destroy insects to any 
extent; over one-half the food of nestlings 
is insects, such as weevils, grasshoppers, 
cutworms, etc.; but this good work is 
largely offset by the fact that these same 
nestlings will soon give their grown-up 
energies to attacking grain fields, taking 
the seed after sowing, later the new grain 
in the milk, and later still the ripened 
grain in the sheaf. Wheat, oats, rye, bar- 
ley, corn, sorghum, and rice are thus at- 
tacked. Once I saw on the upper Nile a 
native boat loaded with millet which was 
attacked by thousands of sparrows; when 
driven off by the sailors they would perch 
on the rigging like flies, and as soon as the 
men turned their backs they would drop 
like bullets to the deck and gobble the 
grain before they were again driven off. 
English sparrows also destroy for us the 
buds and blossoms of fruit trees and often 
attack the ripening fruit. 

The introduction of the English spar- 
row into America is one of the greatest ar- 
guments possible in favor of nature-study; 
for ignorance of nature-study methods in 
this single instance costs the United 
States millions of dollars every year. The 
English sparrow is the European house 
sparrow, and people had a theory that it 
was an insect eater, but never took the 
pains to ascertain if this theory were a fact. 
About 1850, some people with more zeal 
than wisdom introduced these birds into 
New York, and for twenty years after- 
wards there were other importations of 
the sparrows. In twenty years more, peo- 



ple discovered that they had taken great 
pains to establish in our country one of the 
worst nuisances in all Europe. In addition 
to all the direct damage which the English 
sparrows do, they are so quarrelsome that 
they have driven away many of our native 
beneficial birds from our premises, and 
now vociferously acclaim their presence in 
places which were once the haunts of birds 
with sweet songs. After they drive off the 
other birds they quarrel among them- 
selves, and there is no rest for tired ears in 
their vicinity. There are various noises 
made by these birds which we can under- 
stand if we are willing to take the pains: 
the harassing chirping is their song; they 
squall when frightened and peep plain- 
tively when lonesome, and make a dis- 
agreeable racket when fighting. 

But to "give the devil his due" we 
must admit that the house sparrow is as 
clever as it is obnoxious, and its success is 
doubtless partly due to its superior clever- 
ness and keenness. It is quick to take a 
hint, if sufficiently pointed; firing a shot- 
gun twice into a flock of these birds has 
driven them from our premises; and tear- 
ing down their nests assiduously for a 
month seems to convey to them the idea 
that they are not welcome. Another in- 
stance of their cleverness I witnessed one 
day: I was watching a robin, worn and 
nervous with her second brood, fervently 
hunting earthworms in the lawn to fill the 
gaping mouths in the nest in the Virginia 
creeper shading the piazza. She finally 
pulled up a large, pink worm, and a hen 
sparrow flew at her viciously; the robin 
dropped the worm to protect herself, and 
the sparrow snatched it and carried it off 
triumphantly to the grape arbor where 
she had a nest of her own full of gaping 
mouths. She soon carne back, and at a 
safe distance watched the robin pull out 
another worm, and by the same tactics 
again gained the squirming prize. Three 
times was this repeated in an hour, and 
then the robin, discouraged, flew up into 
a Norway spruce and in a monologue of 
sullen duckings tried to reason out what 
had happened. 

The English sparrow's nest is quite in 



BIRDS 



keeping with the bird's other qualities; it 
is usually built in a hole or box or in some 
protected corner beneath the eaves; it is 
also often built in vines on buildings and 
occasionally in trees. It is a good example 
of " fuss and feathers "; coarse straw, or 
any other kind of material, and feathers of 
hens or of other birds, mixed together 
without fashion or form, constitute the 
nest. In these sprawling nests the whitish, 
brown or gray-flecked eggs are laid and 
the young reared; several broods are reared 
by one pair in a season. The nesting begins 
almost as soon as the snow is off the 
ground and lasts until late fall. 

During the winter, the sparrows gather 
in flocks in villages and cities, but in the 
spring they scatter out through the coun- 
try where they can find more grain. The 
only place where this bird is welcome is 
possibly in the heart of a great city, where 
no other bird could pick up a livelihood. 
It is a true cosmopolite and is the first bird 
to greet the traveler in Europe or northern 
Africa. These sparrows will not build in 
boxes suspended by a wire; and they do 
not like a box where there is no resting 
place in front of the door leading to the 
nest. 

SUGGESTED READING American Bird 
Biographies, by A. A. Allen; Audubon 
Bird Leaflet 90; Bird Friends, by Gilbert 
H. Trafton; English Sparrow Control 
(U. S. Department of Agriculture, Leaflet 
61); Lives of the Hunted, by Ernest 
Thompson Seton (A Street Troubadour); 
Mother Nature Series, by Fannie W. 
Dunn and Eleanor Troxell, Book 3, In 
Field and Forest; see also readings on 
pages 28-29. 

LESSON 20 
THE ENGLISH SPARROW 

LEADING THOUGHT The English spar- 
row was introduced into America by peo- 
ple who knew nothing of its habits. It has 
finally overrun our whole country, and to 
a great extent has driven out from towns 
and villages our useful American song 
birds; it should be discouraged and not 
allowed to nest around our houses and 




A. A. Allen 

The sprawling nest of the English sparrow 

grounds. As a sparrow it has interesting 
habits which we should observe. 

METHOD Let the pupils make their 
observations in the street or wherever they 
find the birds. The greatest value of this 
lesson is to teach the pupils to observe the 
coloring and markings of a bird accurately 
and describe them clearly. This is the best 
of training for later work with the wild 
birds. 

OBSERVATIONS i. How many kinds of 
birds do you find in a flock of English spar- 
rows? 

2. The ones with the black cravat are 
naturally the men of the family, while 
their sisters, wives, and mothers are less 
ornamented. Describe in your notebook 
or from memory the colors of the cock 
sparrow as follows: top of head, sides of 
the head, the back, the tail, the wings, 
wing bars, throat and upper breast, lower 
breast and under parts. 

3 . Describe the hen sparrow in the same 
manner and note the difference in mark- 
ings between the two. Are the young birds, 
when they first fly, like the father or the 
mother? 

4. Compare the English sparrow with 
the chippy and describe the differences 
in size and color. 

5. Is the tail when the bird is not flying 
square across the end or notched? 



86 



ANIMALS 



6. What is the shape of the beak? For 
what sort of food is it adapted? 

7. What is the food of the English 
sparrows and where do they find it? De- 
scribe the actions of a flock feeding in the 
yard or street. Are the English sparrows 
kindly or quarrelsome in disposition? 

8. Why do the English sparrows stay 
in the North during the coldest of win- 
ters? Do they winter out in the country or 
in villages? 

9. Describe by observation how they 
try to drive away robins or other native 
birds. 

10. Describe the nest of this sparrow. 
Of what material is it made? How is it sup- 
ported? How sheltered? Is it a well-built 
nest? 

11. Describe the eggs. How many 



broods are raised a year? What kind of 
food do the parents generally give the 
nestlings? 

12. If you have ever seen these sparrows 
do anything interesting, describe the cir- 
cumstance. 

13. In what ways are these birds a nui- 
sance to us? 

14. How much of English sparrow talk 
do you understand? 

15. How can we build bird-boxes so 
that the English sparrows will not try to 
take possession of them? 

Do not tire the child with questions; 
lead him to question you, instead. Be sure, 
in any case, that he is more interested in 
the subject than in the questions about 
the subject. 



THE CHIPPING SPARROW 




Leonard K. Beyer 

A chipping sparrow on its nest , 

This midget lives in our midst, and yet 
among all bird kind there is not another 
which so ignores us as does the chippy. 
It builds its nest about our houses, it 
hunts for food all over our premises, it 
sings like a tuneful grasshopper in our 
ears, it brings up its young to disregard 



us, and every hour of the day it " tsip- 
tsips " us to scorn. And, although it has 
well earned the name of " doorstep spar- 
row/' since it frugally gathers the crumbs 
about our kitchen doors, yet it rarely be- 
comes tame or can be induced to eat 
from the hand, unless it is trained so to 
do as a nestling. 

Its cinnamon-brown cap and tiny black 
forehead, the gray streak over the eye and 
the black through it, the gray cheeks and 
the pale gray, unspotted breast distinguish 
it from the other sparrows, although its 
brown back streaked with darker coloi, 
and brown wings and blackish tail, have a 
very sparrowish look; the two whitish wing 
bars are not striking; it has a bill fitted for 
shelling seeds, a characteristic of all the 
sparrows. Despite its seed-eating bill, the 
chippy's food is about one-third insects, 
and everyone should know that this little 
bird does good to our gardens and trees. 
It takes in large numbers cabbage cater- 
pillars, pea lice, the beet leaf-miners, leaf 
hoppers, grasshoppers, and cutworms, and 
does its share in annihilating the cater- 
pillars of the terrible gypsy and browntail 
moths. In fact, it works for our benefit 
even in its vegetable food, as this consists 



BIRDS 



87 



largely of the seeds of weeds and unde- 
sirable grasses. It will often fly up from 
its perch after flies or moths/ like a fly- 
catcher; and the next time we note it, it 
will be hopping around hunting for the 
crumbs we have scattered for it on the 
porch floor. The song of the chippy is 
more interesting to it than to us; it is a 
continuous performance of high ? shrill, 
rapid notes, all alike so far as I can detect; 
when it utters many of these in rapid suc- 
cession it is singing, but when it gives 
them singly they are call notes or mere 
conversation. 

One peculiarity of the nest has given 
this sparrow the common name of hair- 
bird, for the lining is almost always of 
long, coarse hair, usually treasure trove 
from the tails of horses or cattle, switched 
off against boards, burs, or other obstacles. 
Of the many nests I have examined, black 
horsehair was the usual lining; but two 
nests in our yard show the chippy to be 
a resourceful bird; evidently the hair mar- 
ket was exhausted and the soft, dead 
needles of the white pine were used in- 
stead and made a most satisfactory lining. 
The nest is tiny and shallow; the outside 
is of fine grass or rootlets carefully but 
not closely woven together; it is placed 




A. A. Allen 




A cowbird laid the large egg in Ihis chip- 
ping sparrow's nest. The cowbird depends 
upon other birds to brood its eggs and care 
for its young 



A. A. Allen 

" The breadline!' Young chipping sparrows 
being fed by one of their parents 

in vine or tree, usually not more than 
ten or fifteen feet from the ground; a 
vine on a house is a favorite nesting site. 
Once a bold pair built directly above the 
entrance to our front door and mingled 
cheerfully with other visitors. Usually, 
however, the nest is so hidden that it 
is not discovered until after the leaves 
have fallen. The eggs are light blue tinged 
with green, with fine, purplish brown 
specks or markings scrawled about the 
larger end. 

The chippy comes to us in early spring 
and usually raises two broods of from 
three to five " piggish " youngsters, which 
even after they are fully grown follow 
pertinaciously their tired and " frazzled 
out " parents and beg to be fed; the chippy 
parents evidently have no idea of disci- 
pline but indulge their teasing progeny 
until our patience, at least, is exhausted. 
The young differ from the parents in hav- 
ing streaked breasts and lacking the red- 
dish crown. In the fall the chippy par- 
ents lose their red-brown caps and have 
streaked ones instead; and then they fare 
forth in flocks for a seed-harvest in the 
fields. Thereafter our chippy is a stranger 
to us; we do not know it in its new garb, 
and it dodges into the bushes as we pass, 
as if it had not tested our harmlessness on 
our own door-stone. 

SUGGESTED READING Audubon Bird 
Leaflet 80; Bird-House to Let, by Mary F. 
Terrel; Bird Stories from Burroughs, by 
John Burroughs; Mother Nature Series, 
by Fannie W. Dunn and Eleanor Trox- 



ANIMALS 



ell, Book 3, In Field and Forest; also, read- 
ings on pages 28-29. 

LESSON 21 
THE CHIPPING SPARROW 

LEADING THOUGHT The chipping 
sparrow is a cheerful and useful little 
neighbor. It builds a nest, lined with 
horsehair, in the shrubbery and vines 
about our homes and works hard in rid- 
ding our gardens of insect pests and seeds 
of weeds. 

METHOD Begin this lesson with a 
nest of the chippy, which is so unmistak- 
able that it may be collected and identi- 
fied in the winter. Make the study of this 
nest so interesting that the pupils will 
wait anxiously to watch for the birds 
which made it. As soon as the chippies 
appear, the questions should be asked, a 
few at a time, giving the children several 
weeks for the study. 

THE NEST 

OBSERVATIONS i . Where was this 
nest found? How high from the ground? 

2. Was it under shelter? How was it 
supported? 

3. Of what material is the outside of 
the nest? How is it fastened together? 
How do you suppose the bird wove this 
material together? 

4. Of what material is the lining? Why 
is the bird that built this nest called the 
" hair-bird "? From what animal do you 
think the lining of the nest came? How do 
you suppose the bird got it? 

5. Do you think the nest was well hid- 
den when the leaves were about it? Meas- 
ure the nest across and also its depth; do 
you think the bird that made it is as large 
as the English sparrow? 

THE BIRD 

6. How can you tell the chippy from 
the English sparrow? 

7. Describe the colors of the chippy as 
follows: beak, forehead, crown, marks 
above and through the eyes, cheeks, 
throat, breast, wings, and tail. Note if the 
wings have whitish bars and how many. 



8. Describe the shape of the beak as 
compared with that of the robin. What 
is this shaped bill adapted for? 

9. What is the food of the chippy? 
Why has it been called the doorstep 
sparrow? 

10. Note whether the chippy catches 
flies or moths on the wing like the phcebe. 

1 1 . Why should we protect the chippy 
and try to induce it to live near our 
gardens? 

12. Does it run or hop when seeking 
food on the ground? 

13. How early in the season does the 
chippy appear and where does it spend 
the winter? 

14. Can you describe the chippy's 
song? How do you think it won the name 
of chipping sparrow? 

15. If you have the luck to find a pair 
of chippies nesting, keep a diary of your 
observations in your notebook covering 
the following points: Do both parents 
build the nest? Flow is the framework 
laid? How is the finishing done? What is 
the number and color of the eggs? Do 
both parents feed the young? How do 
young chippies act when they first leave 
the nest? How large are the young birds 
before the parents stop feeding them? 
What are the differences in color and 
markings between parents and young? 

THE FIELD-SPARROW 

A bubble of music floats, the slope of the 
hillside over; 

A little wandering sparrow's notes; and 
the bloom of yarrow and clover, 

And the smell of sweet-fern and the bay- 
berry leaf, on his ripple of song are 
stealing, 

For he is a cheerful thief, the wealth of 
the fields revealing. 

One syllable, clear and soft as a raindrop's 

silvery patter, 
Or a tinkling fairy-bell; heard aloft, in the 

midst of the merry chatter 
Of robin and linnet and wren and /"ay, one 

syllable, oft repeated; 
He has but a word to say, and of that he 

will not be cheated. 



BIRDS 



89 



The singer I have not seen; but the song 

I arise and follow 
The brown hills over, the pastures green, 

and into the sunlit hollow. 
With a joy that his life unto mine has 

lent, I can feel my glad eyes glisten, 
Though he hides in his happy tent, while 

I stand outside, and listen. 



This way would I also sing, my dear little 

hillside neighbor! 
A tender carol of peace to bring to the 

sunburnt fields of labor 
Is better than making a loud ado; trill on, 

amid clover and yarrow/ 
There's a heart-beat echoing you, and 

blessing you, blithe little sparrow/ 

LUCY LARCOM 



THE SONG SPARROW 

He does not wear a Joseph's coat of many colors, smart and gay 
His suit is Quaker brown and gray, with darker patches at his throat. 
And yet of all the well-dressed throng, not one can sing so brave a song. 
It makes the pride of looks appear a vain and foolish thing to hear 
In " Sweet, sweet, sweet, very merry cheer. " 

A lofty place he does not love, he sits by choice and well at ease 

In hedges and in little trees, that stretch their slender arms above 

The meadow brook; and then he sings till all the field with pleasure rings; 

And so he tells in every ear, that lowly homes to heaven are near 

In " Sweet, sweet, sweet, very merry cheer." 

HENRY VAN DYKE 



Children may commit to memory the 
poem from which the above stanzas were 
taken; seldom in literature have detailed 
accurate observation and poetry been so 
happily combined as in these verses. The 
lesson might begin in March when we 
are all listening eagerly for bird voices, and 
the children should be asked to look out 
for a little, brown bird which sings, 
" Sweet, sweet, sweet, very merry cheer," 
or, as Thoreau interprets it, " Maids! 
Maids! Maids! Hang on the teakettle, 
teakettle-ettle-ettle." In early childhood 
I learned to distinguish this sparrow by its 
"Teakettle" song. Besides this song, it 
has others quite as sweet; and when 
alarmed it utters a sharp "Tchink, 
t'chinL" 

The song sparrow prefers the neighbor- 
hood of brooks and ponds which are bor- 
dered with bushes, and also the hedges 
planted by nature along rail or other field 
fences, and it has a special liking for the 
shrubbery about gardens. Its movements 
and flight are very characteristic; it usually 



sits on the tip-top of a shrub or low tree 
when it sings; when disturbed, however, 
it never rises in the air but drops into a low 




Leonard K. Beyer 

The song sparrow usually builds its nest on 
the ground 

flight and plunges into a thicket with a 
defiant twitch of the tail which says 
plainly, " Find me if you can." 




ANIMALS 



A. A. Allen 



The eggs are bluish white with many brown 
markings 

The color and markings of this bird 
are typical of the sparrows. The head is 
a warm brown with a gray streak along 
the center of the crown and one above 
each eye, with a dark line through the eye. 
The back is brown with darker streaks. 
The throat is white with a dark spot on 
either side; the breast is white spotted 
with brown with a large, dark blotch at 
its very center; this breast blotch distin- 
guishes this bird from all other sparrows. 
The tail and wings are brown and without 
buff or white bars or other markings. The 
tail is long, rounded, and very expressive 
of emotions, and makes the bird look 
more slender than the English sparrow. 

The nest is usually placed on the ground 
or in low bushes not more than five feet 
from the ground; it varies much in both 
size and material; it is sometimes con- 
structed of coarse weeds and grasses; and 
sometimes only fine grass is used. Some- 
times it is lined with hair, and again, with 
fine grass; sometimes it is deep, but oc- 
casionally is shallow. The eggs have a 
whitish ground-color tinged with blue or 
green, but are so blotched and marked 
with brown that they are safe from ob- 
servation of enemies. The nesting season 
begins in May, and there are usually three 
and sometimes four broods; but so far as 
I have observed, a nest is never used for 



two consecutive broods. The song spar- 
rows stay with us in New York State very 
late in the fall, and a few stay in sheltered 
places all winter. The quality in this bird 
which endears him to us all is the spirit 
of song which stays with him; his sweet 
trill may be heard almost any month of 
the year, and he has a charming habit of 
singing in his dreams. 

The song sparrow is not only the dearest 
of little neighbors, but it also works lustily 
for our good and for its own food at the 
same time. It destroys cutworms, plant 
lice, caterpillars, canker-worms, ground 
beetles, grasshoppers, and flies; in winter 
it destroys thousands of weed seeds, which 
otherwise would surely plant themselves 
to our undoing. Every boy and girl should 
take great pains to drive away stray cats 
and to teach the family puss not to meddle 
with birds; for cats are the worst of all 
the song sparrow's enemies, destroying 
thousands of its nestlings every year. 

SUGGESTED READING Audubon Bird 
Leaflet 31; Bird Stories from Burroughs, 
by John Burroughs; Mother Nature Series, 
by Fannie W. Dunn and Eleanor Trox- 
ell, Book 3, In Field and Forest; also, 
readings on pages 28-29. 

LESSON 22 
THE SONG SPARROW 

LEADING THOUGHT The beautiful 
song of this sparrow is usually heard earlier 
in the spring than the notes of bluebird 
or robin. The dark blotch in the center of 
its speckled breast distinguishes this spar- 
row from all others; it is very beneficial 
and should be protected from cats. 




" Sweet, sweet, sweet, very merry cheer " 



BIRDS 

METHOD All the observations of the 
song sparrow must be made in the field, 
and they are easily made because the bird 
builds near houses, in gardens, and in the 
shrubbery. Poetry and other literature 
about the song sparrow should be given 
to the pupils to read or to memorize. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Have you noticed 
a little brown bird singing a very sweet 
song in the early spring? Did the song 
sound as if set to the words " Little Maid! 
Little, Maid! Little Maid! Put on the tea- 
kettle, teakettle-ettle-ettle "? 

2. Where was this bird when you heard 
him singing? How high was he perched 
above the ground? What other notes did 
you hear him utter? 

3. Describe the colors and markings of 
the song sparrow on head, back, throat, 
breast, wings, and tail. Is this bird as large 
as the English sparrow? What makes it 
look more slim? 

4. How can you distinguish the song 
sparrow from the other sparrows? When 
disturbed does it fly up or down? How 
does it gesture with its tail as it disappears 
in the bushes? 

5. Where and of what material does 
the song sparrow build its nest? 

6. What colors and markings are on 
the eggs? Do you think these colors and 
markings are useful in concealing the eggs 
when the mother bird leaves the nest? 

7. How late in the season do you see 
the song sparrows and hear their songs? 

8. How can we protect these charming 
little birds and induce them to build near 
our houses? 



91 

9. What is the food of the song spar- 
rows and how do they benefit our fields 
and gardens? Name some of the injurious 
insects that they eat. 

THE SING-AWAY BIRD 
Have you ever heard of the Sing-away 

bird, 

That sings where the Runaway River 
Runs down with its rills from the bald- 
headed hills 

That stand in the sunshine and shiver? 
" Oh, sing! sing-away! sing-away/ " 
How the pines and the birches are stirred 
By the trill of the Sing-away bird/ 

And the bald-headed hills, with their 

rocks and their rills, 
To the tune of his rapture are ringing; 

And their faces grow young, all the gray 

mists among, 

While the forests break forth into sing- 
ing. 

" Oh, sing/ sing-away/ sing-awayl " 

And the river runs singing along; 

And the flying winds catch up the song. 



Twas a white-throated sparrow, that sped 

a light arrow 

Of song from his musical quiver, 
And it pierced with its spell every valley 

and dell 

On the banks of the Runaway River, 
" Oh, sing/ sing-away/ sing-away/ " 
The song of the wild singer had 
The sound of a soul that is glad. 

LUCY LARCOM 



THE MOCKINGBIRD 



Among all the vocalists in the bird 
world, the mockingbird is seldom rivaled 
in the variety and richness of his repertoire. 
The mockingbirds go as far north as south- 
ern New England, but they are found at 
their best in the Southern states and 
in California. On the Gulf Coast the 
mockers begin singing in February; in 
warmer climates they sing almost the 
year through. During the nesting season, 



the father mocker is so busy with his cares 
and duties during the day that he does not 
have time to sing, and so he devotes the 
nights to serenading; he may sing almost 
all night long if there is moonlight, and 
even on dark nights he gives now and 
then a happy, sleepy song. Not all mock- 
ingbirds are mockers; some sing their own 
song, which is rich and beautiful; while 
others learn, in addition, not only the 




ANIMALS 



L. A. Fuertes 



The mockingbird 



songs of other birds, but their call notes as 
well. One authority noted a mocker which 
imitated the songs of twenty species of 
birds during a ten-minute performance. 
When singing, the mocker shows his re- 
lationship to the brown thrasher by lift- 
ing the head and depressing and jerking 
the tail. A good mocker will learn a tune, 
or parts of it, if it is whistled often enough 
in his hearing; he will also imitate other 
sounds and will often improve on a song 
he has learned from another bird by intro- 
ducing frills of his own; when learning 
a song, he sits silent and listens intently, 
but will not try to sing it until it is learned. 
Although the mockingbirds live in wild 
places, they prefer the haunts of men, tak- 
ing up their home sites in gardens and 
cultivated grounds. Their flight is rarely 
higher than the tree tops and is decidedly 
jerky in character with much twitching of 
the long tail. For nesting sites, they choose 
thickets or the lower branches of trees, be- 
ing especially fond of orange trees; the 
nest is usually from four to twenty feet 
from the ground. The foundation of the 
nest is made of sticks, grasses, and weed 
stalks interlaced and crisscrossed; on these 
is built the nest of softer materials, such 
as rootlets, horsehair, cotton, or in fact 



anything suitable which is at hand. The 
nest is often in plain sight, since the 
mocker trusts to his strength as a fighter 
to protect it. He will attack cats with great 
ferocity and vanquish them; he will often 
kill snakes; good-sized black snakes have 
been known to end thus; he will also drive 
away birds much larger than himself. In 
making his attack, the mocker hovers 
above his enemy and strikes it at the back 
of the head or neck. 

The female lays from four to six pale 
greenish or bluish eggs blotched with 
brown which hatch in about two weeks; 
then comes a period of hard work for the 
parents, as both are indefatigable in catch- 
ing insects to feed the young. The mocker, 
by the way, is an amusing sight as he 
chases a beetle on the ground, lifting his 
wings in a pugnacious fashion. The mock- 
ers often raise three broods a season; the 
young birds have spotted breasts, showing 
their relationship to the thrasher. 

As a wooer, the mocker is a bird of 
much ceremony and dances into his lady's 
graces. Mrs. F. W. Rowe, in describing 
this, says that the birds stand facing each 
other with heads and tails erect and wings 
drooping; " then the dance would begin, 
and this consisted of the two hopping 
sideways in the same direction and in 
rather a straight line a few inches at a 



* : '''''" " ' / "I ' &gt;'S^*"N|jS' 



A. A. Allen 

A mockingbird on her nest in a thicket 



BIRDS 



93 



time, always keeping directly opposite 
each other and about the same distance 
apart. They would chassez this way four 
or five feet, then go back over the same 
line in the same manner/ 7 Mrs. Rowe 
also observed that the male mockers have 
hunting preserves of their own, not allow- 
ing any other males of their species in 
these precincts. The boundary was sus- 
tained by tactics of both offense and 
defense; but certain other species of 
birds were allowed to trespass without 
reproof. 

Maurice Thompson describes in a de- 
lightful manner the " mounting " and 
" dropping " songs of the mocker which 
occur during the wooing season. The 
singer flits up from branch to branch of 
a tree, singing as he goes, and finally on 
the topmost bough gives his song of tri- 
umph to the world; then, reversing the 
process, he falls backward from spray to 
spray, as if drunk with the ecstasy of his 
own song, which is an exquisitely soft 
" gurgling series of notes, liquid and sweet, 
that seem to express utter rapture." 

The mockingbirds have the same colors 
in both sexes; the head is black, the back 
is ashy-gray; the tail and wings are so 
dark brown that they look black; the tail 
is very long and has the outer tail feathers 
entirely white and the two next inner ones 
are white for more than half their length; 
the wings have a strikingly broad, white 
bar, which is very noticeable when the 
bird is flying. The under parts and breast 
are grayish white; the beak and legs are 
blackish. The food of the mockingbirds 
is about half insects and half fruit. They 
live largely on the berries of the red cedar, 
myrtle, and holly, and we must confess are 
often too much devoted to the fruits in our 
orchards and gardens; but let us put down 
to their credit that they do their best to 
exterminate the cotton boll caterpillars 
and moths, and also many other insects 
injurious to crops. 

The mocker is full of tricks and is dis- 
tinctly a bird of humor. He will frighten 
other birds by screaming like a hawk and 
then seem to chuckle over the joke. 

Sidney Lanier describes him well: 



^f^^ii^m,,^.^ ,.._ . 
%M . ; 

^ 



Leonard K. Beyer 

The brown thrasher, a close relative of the 
mockingbird; is also an accomplished musi- 
cian 

Whatever birds did or dreamed, tin's bird 

could say. 

Then down lie shot, bounced airily along 
The sward, twitched in a grasshopper, 

made song 
Midffight, perched, prinked, and to his 

art again. 

SUGGESTED READING Audubon Bird 
Leaflet 41; also, readings on pages 28-29. 

LESSON 23 
THE MOCKINGBIRD 

LEADING THOUGHT The mockingbird 
is the only one of our common birds that 
sings regularly at night. It imitates the 
songs of other birds and has also a beauti- 
ful song of its own. When feeding their 
nestlings, the mockers do us great service 
by destroying insect pests. 

METHOD Studies of this bird are best 
made individually by the pupils through 
watching the mockers which haunt the 
houses and shrubbery. If there are mock- 
ingbirds near the schoolhouse, the work 
can be done in the most ideal way by keep- 
ing records in the school of all the obser- 
vations made by the pupils, thus bringing 
out an interesting mockingbird story. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Duringwhatmonths 
of the year and for how many months does 
the mockingbird sing in this locality? 



94 



ANIMALS 



2. Does he sing only on moonlight 
nights? Does he sing all night? 

3. Can you distinguish the true mock- 
ingbird song from the songs which he has 
learned from other birds? Describe the 
actions of a mocker when he is sing- 
ing. 

4. How many songs of other birds have 
you heard a mocker give and what are 
the names of these birds? 

5. Have you ever taught a mocker a 
tune by whistling it in his presence? If 
so, tell how long it was before he learned 
it and how he acted while learning. 

6. Describe the flight of the mocking- 
birds. Do they fly high in the air like 
crows? 

7. Do these birds like best to live in 
wild places or about houses and gardens? 

8. Where do they choose sites for their 
nests? Do they make an effort to hide the 
nest? If not, why? 

9. Of what material is the nest made? 
How is it lined? How far from the ground 
is it placed? 

10. What are the colors of the eggs? 
How many are usually laid? Flow long be- 
fore they hatch? 

11. Give instances of the parents' de- 
votion to the young birds. 

12. Have you seen two mockingbirds 
dancing before each other just before the 
nesting season? 

13. In the spring have you heard a 
mocker sing while mounting from the 
lower to the upper branches of a tree and 
then after pouring forth his best song fall 
backward with a sweet, gurgling song as 
if intoxicated with his music? 

14. How many broods does a pair of 
mockers raise during one season? How 
does the color of the breast of the young 
differ from that of the parent? 

15. How does the father bird protect 



the nestlings from other birds, cats, and 
snakes? 

16. Does the mocker select certain 
places for his own hunting grounds and 
drive off other mockers which trespass? 

17. Describe the colors of the mocking- 
bird as follows: beak, head, back, tail, 
wings, throat, breast, under parts and feet. 

18. What is the natural food of the 
mockingbirds and how do they benefit the 
farmer? How does the mocker act when 
attacking a ground beetle? 

19. Have you seen mockingbirds 
frighten other birds by imitating the cry 
of a hawk? Have you seen them play other 
tricks? 

20. Tell a story which includes your 
own observations on the ways of mocking- 
birds which you have known. 

Soft and low the song began: I scarcely 
caught it as it ran 

Through the melancholy trill of the plain- 
tive whip-poor-will, 

Through the ringdove's gentle wail, chat- 
tering jay and whistling quail, 

Sparrow's twitter, catbird's cry, redbird's 
whistle, robin's sigh; 

Blackbird, bluebird, swallow, lark, each 
his native note might mark. 

Oft he tried the lesson o'er, each time 
louder than before; 

Burst at length the finished song, loud and 
clear it poured along; 

All the choir in silence heard, hushed be- 
fore this wondrous bird. 

All transported and amazed, scarcely 
breathing, long I gazed. 

Now it reached the loudest swell; lower, 
lower, now it fell, 

Lower, lower, lower still, scarce it sounded 
o'er the rill. 

JOSEPH RODMAN DRAKE 



BIRDS 



THE CATBIRD 

The Catbird sings a crooked song ? in minors that are flat, 
And, when he can't control his voice he mews just like a cat. 
Then nods his head and whisks his tail and lets it go at that. 

OLIVER DAVIE 



As a performer, the catbird distinctly 
belongs to the vaudeville, even going so 
far as to appear in slate-colored tights. His 
specialties range from the most exquisite 
song to the most strident of scolding 
notes; his nasal " n-y-a-a-h, n-y-a-a-h " is 
not so very much like the cat's mew after 
all, but when addressed to the intruder 
it means " get out "; and not in the whole 
gamut of bird notes is there another which 
so quickly inspires the listener with this 
desire. I once trespassed upon the terri- 
tory of a well-grown catbird family and 
the squalling that ensued was ear-splitting; 
as I retreated, the triumphant youngsters 
followed me for a few rods with every 
sign of triumph in their actions and voices; 
they obviously enjoyed my apparent 
fright. The catbirds have rather a pleasant 
" cluck, cluck " when talking to each 
other, hidden in the bushes, and they also 
have a variety of other notes. The true 
song of the catbird, usually given in the 
early morning, is very beautiful. Mr. 
Mathews thinks it is a medley gathered 
from other birds, but it seems to me very 
individual. However, true to his vaude- 
ville training, this bird is likely to intro- 
duce into the middle or at the end of his 
exquisite song some phrase that suggests 
his cat call. He is, without doubt, a 
true mocker and will often imitate the 
robin's song, and also if opportunity offers 
learns to converse fluently in chicken 
language. One spring morning I heard 
outside my window the mellow song of 
the cardinal, which is a rare visitor in 
New York, but there was no mistaking the 
" tor-re-do, tor-re-do." I sprang from my 
bed and rushed to the window, only to 
see a catbird singing the cardinal song, 
and thus telling me that he had come 
from the sunny South and the happy com- 



panionship of these brilliant birds. Often 
when the catbird is singing, he sits on the 
topmost spray of some shrub lifting his 
head and depressing his tail, like a brown 
thrasher; and again, he sings completely 
hidden in the thicket. 

In appearance the catbird is tailor- 
made, belonging to the same social class 
as the cedar-bird and the barn swallow. 




Robert Matheson 

A catbird on its nest 

However, it affects quiet colors, and its 
well-fitting costume is all slate-gray except 
the top of the head and the tail which are 
black; the feathers beneath the base of 
the tail are brownish. The catbird is not 
so large as the robin, and is of very differ- 
ent shape; it is far more slender and has 
a long, emotional tail. The way the cat- 
bird twitches and tilts its tail, as it hops 
along the ground or alights in a bush, is 
very characteristic. It is a particularly alert 
and nervous bird, always on the watch for 
intruders, and the first to give warning to 
all other birds of their approach. It is a 
good fighter in defending its nest, and 
there are several observed instances where 
it has fought to defend the nest of other 
species of birds; and it has gone even 




The catbird lays three to five eggs of a rich 
greenish blue in a well constructed nest in a 
dense thicket 



further in its philanthropy, by feeding 
their orphaned nestlings. 

The catbird chooses a nesting site in a 
low tree or shrub or brier, where the nest 
is built usually about four feet from the 
ground. The nest looks untidy, but is 
strongly made of sticks, coarse grass, 
weeds, bark strips, and occasionally paper; 
it is lined with soft roots and is almost al- 
ways well hidden in dense foliage. The 
eggs are from three to five in number and 
are dark greenish blue. Both parents work 
hard feeding the young and for this pur- 
pose destroy many insects which we can 
well spare. Sixty-two per cent of the food 
of the young has been found in one in- 
stance to be cutworms, showing what a 
splendid work the parents do in our gar- 
dens. In fact, during a large part of the 
summer, while these birds are rearing their 
two broods, they benefit us greatly by de- 
stroying the insect pests; and although 
later they may attack our fruits and ber- 
ries, it almost seems as if they had earned 
the right to their share. If we only had 
the wisdom to plant along the fences some 
elderberries or Russian mulberries, the cat- 
birds as well as the robins would feed 
upon them instead of the cultivated fruits. 



ANIMALS 

The catbirds afford a striking example 
for impressing upon children that each 
species of birds haunts certain kinds of 
places. The catbirds are not often found 
in deep woods or in open fields, but usu- 
ally near low thickets along streams, and 
in shrubbery along fences, in tangles of 
vines, and especially do they like to build 
about our gardens, if we protect them. 
They are very fond of bathing, and if 
fresh water is given them for this purpose, 
we may have opportunity to witness the 
most thorough bath a bird can take. A 
catbird takes a long time to bathe and 
preen its feathers and indulges in most 
luxurious sun baths and thus deservedly 
earns the epithet of " well-groomecl "; it 
is one of the most intelligent of all our 
birds and soon learns " what is what," and 
repays in the most surprising way the trou- 
ble of careful observation. 

SUGGESTED READING Audubon Bird 
Leaflet 70; Bird-House to Let, by Mary F. 
Terrel; Bird Stories from Burroughs, by 
John Burroughs; also, readings on pages 
28-29. 

LESSON 24 
THE CATBIRD 

LEADING THOUGHT The catbird has 
a beautiful song as well as the harsh 
" miou," and can imitate other birds, al- 
though not so well as the mockingbird. 
It builds in low thickets and shrubbery 
and during the nesting season is of great 
benefit to our gardens. 

METHOD First, let the pupils study 
and report upon the songs, scoldings, and 
other notes of this our northern mocking- 
bird; then let them describe its appearance 
and habits. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Do you think the 
squall of the catbird sounds like the mew 
of a cat? When does the bird use this note 
and what for? What other notes have you 
heard it utter? 

2. Describe as well as you can the cat- 
bird's true song. Are there any harsh notes 
in it? Where does he sit while singing? 
Describe the actions of the catbird while 
he is singing. 

3. Have you ever heard the catbird imi- 



BIRDS 

tate the songs of other birds or other 
noises? 

4. Describe the catbird as follows: its 
size and shape compared to the robin; the 
color and shape of head, beak, wings, tail, 
breast, and under parts. 

5. Describe its peculiar actions and its 
characteristic movements. 

6. Where do catbirds build their nests? 
How high from the ground? What ma- 
terial is used? Is the nest compact and 
carefully finished? Is it hidden? 

7. What is the color of the eggs? Do 
both parents care for the young? 

8. What is the food of the catbird? 
Why is it an advantage to us to have cat- 
birds build in our gardens? 

9. Do you ever find catbirds in the deep 
woods or out in the open meadows? 
Where do you find them? 



97 

10. Put out a pan of water where the 
catbirds can use it and then watch them 
make their toilets and describe the proc- 
ess. Describe how the catbirds take sun 
baths. 



He sits on a branch of yon blossoming 
bush, 

This madcap cousin of robin and thrush. 

And sings without ceasing the whole 
morning long; 

Now wild, now tender, the wayward 
song 

That flows from his soft, gray, fluttering 
throat; 

But often he stops in his sweetest note, 

And, shaking a flower from the blossom- 
ing bough, 

Drawls out, " Mi-eu, mi-ow! " 
" THE CATBIRD/' EDITH M. THOMAS 




Olin Sewall Pettingill, Jr. 

A family of seven young belted kingfishers that were posed for the camera 



THE BELTED KINGFISHER 



This patrol of our streams and lake 
shores, in his cadet uniform, is indeed a 
military figure as well as a militant per- 
sonality. As he sits upon his chosen branch 
overhanging some stream or lake shore, 
his crest abristle, his keen eye fixed on the 



water below, his whole bearing alert, one 
must acknowledge that this fellow puts 
" ginger " into his environment, and that 
the spirit which animates him is very far 
from the " dolce far niente " which per- 
meates the ordinary fisherman. However, 




ANIMALS 



Olin Sewall Pettingill, Jr. 

A moment between diggings. This male 
belted kingfisher hesitates on the doorstep of 
the nesting burrow which lie is digging. To 
him, rather than to his mate, falls the task of 
home-building 

he does not fish for fun but for business; 
his keen eye catches the gleam of a mov- 
ing fin and he darts from his perch, holds 
himself for a moment on steady wings 
above the surface of the water, to be sure 
of his quarry, and then there is a dash 
and a splash and he returns to his perch 
with the wriggling fish in his strong beak. 
Usually he at once proceeds to beat its life 
out against a branch and then to swallow 
it sensibly, head first, so that the fins 
will not prick his throat nor the scales 
rasp it. He swallows the entire fish, trust- 
ing to his internal organs to select 
the nourishing part; and later he gulps 
up a ball of the indigestible scales and 
bones. 

The kingfisher is very different in form 
from an ordinary bird; he is larger than 
a robin, and his head and fore parts are 
much larger in proportion; this is the more 
noticeable because of the long feathers 




Kingfisher's foot. This shows the weak 
toes; the third and fourth are joined to- 
gether, which undoubtedly assists the bird in 
pushing out soil when excavating 

of the head which he lifts into a crest, and 
because of the shortness of the tail. The 
beak is very long and strong, enabling the 



kingfisher to seize the fish and hold it 
fast, but the legs are short and weak. The 
third and fourth toes are grown together 
for a part of their length; this is of use 
to the bird in pushing earth from the bur- 
row, when excavating. The kingfisher has 
no need for running and hopping, like 
the robin, and therefore does not need 
the robin's strong legs and feet. His colors 
are beautiful and harmonious; the upper 
parts are grayish blue, the throat and collar 
white, as is also the breast, which has a 
bluish gray band across the upper part, 
this giving the name of the Belted King- 
fisher to the bird. The feathers of the 
wings are tipped with white and the tail 
feathers narrowly barred with white. The 
under side of the body is white in the 
males, while in the females it is somewhat 
chestnut in color. There is a striking white 
spot just in front of the eye. 

The kingfisher parents builcl their nest 
in a burrow which they tunnel horizon- 
tally in a bank; sometimes there is a vesti- 
bule of several feet before the nest is 
reached, and at other times it is built 
very close to the opening. Both parents are 
industrious in catching fish for their nest- 
lings, but the burden of this duty falls 
heaviest upon the male. Many fish bones 
are found in the nest, and they seem so 
clean and white that they have been re- 
garded as nest lining. Wonderful tales are 
told of the way the English kingfishers use 




Olin Sewall Pettingill, Jr. 

A large sharply pointed bill and a good aim 
behind it is all the equipment this feathered 
fisherman needs to catch his food 



BIRDS 



99 



fish bones to support the earth above their 
nests, and tributes have been paid to their 
architectural skill. But it is generally con- 
ceded that the lining of fish bones in the 
nests of our kingfisher is incidental, since 
the food of the young is largely fish, al- 
though frogs, insects, and other creatures 
are often eaten with relish. It is interesting 
to note the process by which the young 
kingfisher gets its skill in fishing. I have 
often seen one dive horizontally for a yard 
or two beneath the water and come up 
indignant and sputtering because the fish 
had escaped. It was fully two weeks more 
before this one learned to drop like a 
bullet on its quarry. 

The note of the kingfisher is a loud rat- 
tle, not especially pleasant close at hand, 
but not unmusical at a little distance. It is 
a curious coincidence that it sounds very 
much like the clicking of the fisherman's 
reel; it is a sound that conjures visions of 
shade-dappled streams and the dancing, 
blue waters of tree-fringed lakes and 
ponds. 

There seems to be a division of fishing 
ground among the kingfishers, one bird 
rarely trespassing upon its neighbor's pre- 
serves. Unless it be the parent pair work- 
ing near each other for the nestlings, or 
the nestlings still under their care, we sel- 
dom see two kingfishers in the same im- 
mediate locality. 

SUGGESTED READING American Bird 
Biographies, by A. A. Allen; Audubon 
Bird Leaflet 19; also, readings on pages 
28-29. 

LESSON 25 
THE KINGFISHER 

LEADING THOUGHT The kingfisher is 
fitted by form of body and beak to be a 
fisherman. 

METHOD If the school be near a 
stream or pond the following observations 
may be made by the pupils; otherwise let 
the boys who go fishing make a study of 
the bird and report to the school. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where have you 
seen the kingfisher? Have you often seen it 
on a certain branch which is its favorite 
perch? Is this perch near the water? What 



is the advantage of this position to the 
bird? 

2. What does the kingfisher feed upon? 
How does it obtain its food? Describe the 
actions of one of these birds while fishing. 

3. With what weapons does the king- 
fisher secure the fish? How long is its beak 
compared with the rest of its body? How 
does it kill the fish? Does it swallow the 
fish head or tail first? Why? Does it tear 
off the scales or fins before swallowing it? 
How does it get rid of these and the bones 
of the fish? 

4. Which is the larger, the kingfisher 
or the robin? Describe the difference in 
shape of the bodies of these two birds; 
also in the size and shape of feet and 
beaks, and explain why they are so differ- 
ent in form. What is there peculiar about 
the kingfisher's feet? Do you know which 
two toes are grown together? 

5. What are the colors of the kingfisher 
in general? The colors of head, sides of 
head, collar, back, tail, wings, throat, 
breast, and under parts? Is there a white 
spot near the eye? If so, where? Do you 
know the difference in colors between the 
parent birds? 

6. Where is the nest built? How is it 
lined? 

7. What is the note of the kingfisher? 
Does it give it while perching or while on 
the wing? Do you ever find more than one 
kingfisher on the same fishing grounds? 

THE KINGFISHER 

(OF ENGLAND) 

For the handsome Kingfisher, go not to 

the tree, 

No bird of the field or the forest is he; 
In the dry river rock he did never abide, 
And not on the brown heath all barren 

and wide. 

He lives where the fresh, sparkling waters 
are flowing, 

Where the tall heavy Typha and Loose- 
strife are growing; 

By the bright little streams that all joyfully 
run 

Awhile in the shadow, and then in the sun. 



ioo ANIMALS 

He lives in a hole that is quite to his 
mind, 

With the green mossy Hazel roots firmly 
entwined; 

Where the dark Alder-bough waves grace- 
fully o'er, 

And the Sword-flag and Arrow-head grow 
at his door. 



There busily, busily, all the day long, 

He seelcs for small fishes the shallows 
among; 

For he builds his nest of the pearly fish- 
bone, 

Deep, deep, in the bank, far retired, and 
alone. 



Then the brown Water-Rat from his bur- 
row loots out, 

To see what his neighbor Kingfisher's 
about; 

And the green Dragon-fly, flitting slowly 
away, 

Just pauses one moment to bid him good- 
day. 

O happy Kingfisher/ What care should he 

know, 
By the clear, pleasant streams, as he skims 

to and fro, 
Now lost in the shadow, now bright in the 

sheen 
Of the hot summer sun, glancing scarlet 

and green/ 

MARY HOWITT 



THE SCREECH OWL 

Disquiet yourselves not; Tis nothing but a little, downy owl. SHELLEY 



Of all the sounds to be heard at night 
in the woods, the screech owl's song is 
surely the most fascinating; its fascination 
does not depend on music but upon the 




Country Life in America 

Screech owls 



chills which it sends up and down the 
spine of the listener, thus attacking a quite 
different set of nerves than do other bird 
songs. The weird wail, tremulous and long 
drawn out, although so blood-curdling, is 
from the standpoint of the owlet the most 
beautiful music in the world; by means of 
it he calls to his mate, cheering her with 
the assurance of his presence in the world; 
evidently she is not a nervous creature. 
The screech owls are likely to sing at night 
during any part of the year; nor should we 
infer that when they are singing they are 
not hunting, for perchance their music 
frightens their victims into fatal activity. 
Although the note is so unmistakable, yet 
there is great variation in the songs of in- 
dividuals; the great variety of quavers in 
the song offers ample opportunity for the 
expression of individuality. Moreover, 
these owls often give themselves over to 
tremulous whispering and they emphasize 
excitement by snapping their beaks in an 
alarming manner. 

Any bird that is flying about and singing 
in the night time must be able to see 
where it is going, and the owls have spe- 
cial adaptations for this. The eyes are 



BIRDS 



101 



very large and the yellow iris opens and 
closes about the pupil in a way quite simi- 
lar to the arrangement in the cat's eye, 
except that the pupil in the owl's eye is 
round when contracted instead of elon- 
gated; in the night this pupil is expanded 
until it covers most of the eye. The owl 
does not need to see behind and at the 
sides, since it does not belong to the birds 
which are the victims of other birds and 
animals of prey. The owl is a bird that 
hunts instead of being hunted, and it 
needs only to focus its eyes on the creature 
it is chasing. Thus, its eyes are in the front 
of the head like our own; but it can see 
behind, in case of need, for the head turns 
upon the neck as if it were fitted on a ball- 
bearing joint. I have often amused my- 
self by walking around a captive screech 
owl, which would follow me with its eyes 
by turning the head until it almost made 
the circle; then the head would twist back 
with such lightning rapidity that I could 
hardly detect the movement. It seemed 
almost as if the head were on a pivot and 
could be moved around and around in- 
definitely. Although the owl, like the cat, 
has eyes fitted for night hunting, it can 
also see fairly well during the daytime. 

A beak with the upper mandible end- 
ing in a sharp hook signifies that its owner 
lives upon other animals and needs to 
rend and tear flesh. The owl's beak thus 
formed is somewhat buried in the feathers 
of the face, which gives it a striking resem- 
blance to a Roman nose. This, with the 
great, staring, round eyes, bestows upon 
the owl an appearance of great wisdom. 
But it is not the beak which the owl uses 
for a weapon of attack; its strong feet and 
sharp, curved claws are its weapons for 
striking the enemy and also for grappling 
with its prey. The outer toe can be moved 
back at will, so that in grasping its prey 
or its perch, two toes may be directed for- 
ward and two backward, thus giving a 
stronger hold. 

The ear is very different in form from 
the ear of other birds; instead of being a 
mere hole opening into the internal ear, it 
consists of a fold of skin forming a chan- 
nel which extends from above the eye 




S. A. Grimes 

A barn or monkey -faced owl 

around to the side of the throat. Thus 
equipped, while hunting in the dark the 
owl is able to hear any least rustle of 
mouse or bird and to know in which direc- 
tion to descend upon it. There has been 
no relation established between the ear 
tufts of the screech owl and its ears, so far 
as I know, but the way the bird lifts the 
tufts when it is alert always suggests that 
this movement in some way opens up the 
ear. 

In color there are two phases among the 
screech owls, one reddish brown, the other 
gray. The back is streaked with black, 
the breast is marked with many shaft-lines 
of black. The whole effect of the owl's 
plumage makes it resemble a branch of a 
tree or a part of the bark, and thus it is 
protected from prying eyes during the day- 
time when it is sleeping. Its plumage is 
very fluffy and its wing feathers, instead 
of being stiff to the very edge, have soft 
fringes which cushion the stroke upon the 
air. The owl's flight is, therefore, noiseless; 
and the bird is thus able to swoop down 
upon its prey without giving warning of its 
approach. 

The screech owls are partial to old ap- 
ple orchards for nesting sites. They will 
often use the abandoned nest of a wood- 
pecker; the eggs are almost as round as 
marbles and as white as chalk; it is well 
that they are laid within a dark hole, for 
otherwise their color would attract the 



1O2 



ANIMALS 




S. A. Grimes 

The great horned owl 

eyes of enemies. There are usually four 
eggs; the fubsy little owlets climb out of 
their home cave by the end of May and 
are the funniest little creatures imagina- 
ble. They make interesting but decidedly 
snappy pets; they can be fed on insects 
and raw beef. It is most interesting to see 
one wake up late in the afternoon after its 
daytime sleep. All day it has sat motion- 
less upon its perch with its toes completely 
covered with its fluffy feather skirt. Sud- 
denly its eyes open, the round pupils en- 
larging or contracting with great rapidity 
as if adjusting themselves to the amount 
of light. When the owl winks it is like a 
moon in eclipse, so large are the eyes, and 
so entirely are they obscured by the lids, 
which seem like circular curtains. When 
it yawns, its wide bill absurdly resembles 
a human mouth, and the yawn is very hu- 
man in its expression. It then stretches its 
wings; it is astonishing how far this wing 
can be extended below the feet. It then 
begins its toilet. It dresses its feathers with 
its short beak, nibbling industriously in 
the fluff; it scratches its under parts and 
breast with its bill, then cleans the bill 
with its foot, meanwhile moving the head 
up and down as if in an attempt to see its 
surroundings better. 

The owls are loyal lovers and are said 
to remain mated through life, the twain 
being very devoted to their nests and nest- 
lings. Sometimes the two wise-looking lit- 
tle parents sit together on the eggs, a most 
happy way to pass the wearisome incuba- 
tion period. 

The screech owls winter in the north 



and are distinctly foresighted in pre- 
paring for winter. They have often been 
observed catching mice, during the late 
fall, and placing them in some hollow tree 
for cold storage, whence they may be taken 
in time of need. Their food consists to 
some extent of insects, especially night- 
flying moths and beetles, and also cater- 
pillars and grasshoppers. However, the 
larger part of their food is mice; some- 
times small birds are caught, and the Eng- 
lish sparrow is a frequent victim. Chickens 
are rarely taken, except when small, since 
this owlet is not as long as a robin. It swal- 
lows its quarry as whole as possible, trust- 
ing to its inner organs to do the sifting and 
selecting. Later it throws up pellets of the 
indigestible bones, hair, etc. By the study 
of these pellets, found under owl roosts, 
the scientists have been able to determine 
the natural food of the bird, and they all 
unite in assuring us that the screech owl 
does the farmer much more good than 
harm, since it feeds so largely upon crea- 
tures which destroy his crops. 

SUGGESTED READING American Bird 
Biographies, by A. A. Allen; Audubon 
Bird Leaflet 11; Bird Stories, by Edith M. 
Patch; Bird Stories from Burroughs, by 
John Burroughs; Birds in the Wilderness, 
by George M. Sutton; Mother Nature 
Series, by Fannie W. Dunn and Eleanor 
Troxell, Book 3, In Field and Forest; Our 
Backdoor Neighbors, by Frank C. Pellett; 
The Pet Boole, by Anna B. Comstock; 
also, readings on pages 28-29. 

LESSON 26 
THE SCREECH OWL 

LEADING THOUGHT This owl is espe- 
cially adapted to get its prey at night. It 
feeds largely on field mice, grasshoppers, 
caterpillars, and other injurious insects and 
is therefore the friend of the farmer. 

METHOD This lesson should begin 
when the children first hear the cry of this 
owl; and an owl in captivity is a fascinat- 
ing object for the children to observe. 
However, it is so important that the chil- 
dren learn the habits of this owl that the 
teacher is advised to hinge the lesson on 



BIRDS 103 

any observation whatever made by the pu- laid? What is their color? At what time of 

- - - year do the little owls appear? 

9. Where does the screech owl spend 
the winter? What do the screech owls feed 



upon? Do they chew their food? How do 



pils, and illustrate it with pictures and 
stories. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Have you ever 
heard the screech owl? At what time of 

the day or night? Why was this? Why they get rid of the indigestible portion of 
does the owl screech? How did you feel their food? How does this habit help sci- 
when listening to the owl's song? entists to know the food of the owls? 

2. Describe the owl's eyes. Are they 10. How does the screech owl work in- 
adapted to see by night? What changes 



take place in them to enable the owl to 
see by day also? In what way are the 
owl's eyes similar to the cat's? Why is it 
necessary for an owl to see at night? Are 
the owl's eyes placed so that they can 
see at the sides like other birds? How 
does it see an object at the sides or be- 
hind it? 

3. Note the owl's beak. For what pur- 
pose is a hooked beak? How does the owl 
use its beak? Why do we think that the 
owl looks wise? 

4. Describe the feet and claws of the 
screech owl. What are such sharp hooked 
claws meant for? Does an owl on a perch 
always have three toes directed forward 
and one backward? 

5. Describe the colors of the screech 
owl. Are all these owls of the same color? 
How do these colors protect the bird from 
its enemies? 

6. How is the owl's plumage adapted to 
silent flight? Why is silent flight advan- 
tageous to this bird? 

7. How does the owl's ear differ from 
the ears of other birds? Of what special ad- 
vantage is this? As the owl hunts during 
the night, what does it do in the daytime? 
How and by what means does it hide it- 
self? 

8. Where does the screech owl make its 
nest? Do you know anything about the 
devotion of the parent owls to each other 
and to their young? How many eggs are 



jury to the farmers? How does it benefit 
them? Does not the benefit outweigh the 
injury? 

11. How many other kinds of owls do 
you know? What do you know of their 
habits? 

TWO WISE OWLS 

We are two dusJky owls, and we live in a 

tree; 

Loolc at her, look at me! 
Look at her, she's my mate, and the 

mother of three 
Pretty owlets, and we 
Have a warm cosy nest, just as snug as can 
be. 

We are both very wise; for our heads, as 

you see, 

(Look at her look at me/) 
Are as large as the heads of four birds 

ought to be; 

And our horns, you'll agree. 
Make us loofc wiser still, sitting here on the 
tree. 

And we care not how gloomy the night- 
time may be; 

We can see, we can see; 
Through the forest to roam, it suits her, it 

suits me; 

And we're free, we are free 
To bring back what we find, to our nest 
in the tree. 

ANONYMOUS 



ANIMALS 




S. A. Grimes 



The fish hawk or osprey. This hawk builds its large nest from twenty to fifty feet above the 
ground. It subsists almost entirely on fish 



THE HAWKS 

Above the tumult of the canon lifted, the gray hawk breathless hung, 

Or on the hill a winged shadow drifted where furze and thornbush clung. 

BRET HARTE 



It is the teacher's duty and privilege to 
try to revolutionize some popular miscon- 
ceptions about birds, and two birds, in 
great need in this respect, are the so-called 
hen hawks. They are most unjustly 
treated, largely because most farmers con- 
sider that a " hawk is a hawk/' and should 
always be shot to save the poultry, al- 
though there is as much difference in the 
habits of hawks as there is in those of men. 
The so-called hen hawks are the red-shoul- 
dered and the red-tailed species, the latter 
being somewhat the larger and rarer of 
the two. Both are very large birds. The 
red-shouldered has cinnamon brown 
epaulets; the tail is blackish, crossed by five 
or six narrow white bars, and the wing 
feathers are also barred. The red-tailed 



species has dark brown wings; the feathers 
are not barred, and it is distinguished by 
its tail which is brilliant cinnamon color 
with a black bar across it near the end; it 
is silvery white beneath. When the hawk 
is soaring, its tail shows reddish as it wheels 
in the air. Both birds are brown above and 
whitish below, streaked with brown. 

The flight of these hawks is similar and 
is very beautiful; it consists of soaring on 
outstretched wings in wide circles high in 
the air, and is the ideal of graceful aerial 
motion. In rising, the bird faces the wind 
and drops a little in the circle as its back 
turns to the leeward, and thus it climbs 
an invisible winding stair until it is a mere 
speck in the sky. When the bird wishes to 
drop, it lifts and holds its wings above its 



BIRDS 

back, and comes down like a lump of lead, 
only to catch itself whenever it chooses to 
begin again to climb the invisible spiral. 
And all this is done without fatigue, for 
these birds have been observed to soar 
thus for hours together without coming 
to earth. When thus soaring the two spe- 
cies may be distinguished from each other 
by their cries; the red-tailed gives a high 
sputtering scream, which Chapman likens 
to the sound of escaping steam; while the 
red-shouldered calls in a high not unmusi- 
cal note " kee-you, kee-you " or " tee-ur, 
tee-ur." 

The popular fallacy for the teacher to 
correct about these birds is that they are 
enemies of the farmers. Not until a hawk 
has actually been seen to catch chick- 
ens should it be shot, for very few of them 
are guilty of this sin. Sixty-six per cent of 
the food of the red-tailed species consists 
of injurious animals, i.e., mice and go- 
phers, etc., and only seven per cent con- 
sists of poultry; the victims are probably 
old or disabled fowls, and fall an easy prey; 
this bird much prefers mice and reptiles to 
poultry. The more common red-shoul- 





S. A. Grimes 



The marsh hawk. This is a bird of the open 
fields. It flies low in search of rodents, rep- 
tiles, frogs, and insects. It may be identified 
by a white spot on the rump 



A. A. Allen 



Red-tailed hawk 



dered hawk feeds generally on mice, 
snakes, frogs, fish, and is very fond of grass- 
hoppers. Ninety per cent of its food con- 
sists of creatures which injure our crops or 
pastures and scarcely one and one-half per 
cent is made up of poultry and game. 
These facts have been ascertained by the 
experts in the Department of Agriculture 
at Washington who have examined the 
stomachs of hundreds of these hawks 
taken from different localities. Further- 
more, Dr. Fisher states that a pair of the 
red-shouldered hawks bred for successive 
years within a few hundred yards of a poul- 
try farm containing 800 young chickens 
and 400 ducks, and the owner never saw 
them attempt to catch a fowl. 

However, there are certain species of 
hawks which are to be feared; these are 
the Cooper's hawk and the sharp-shinned 
hawk, the first being very destructive to 
poultry and the latter killing many wild 
birds. These are both somewhat smaller 
than the species we are studying. They 
are both dark gray above and have very 
long tails, and when flying they flap their 
wings for a time and then glide a distance. 
They do not soar on motionless outspread 
pinions by the hour. 

When hawks are seen soaring, they are 
likely to be hunting for mice in the mead- 
ows below them. Their eyes are remarka- 
bly keen; they can see a moving creature 
from a great height, and can suddenly 
drop upon it like a thunderbolt out of a 
clear sky. Their wonderful eyes are far- 
sighted when they are circling in the sky, 



BIRDS OF PREY AND SCAVENGERS 



1. SPARROW HAWKS. In summer these 
birds will be found from northern Canada 
south to the Gulf states except in peninsular 
Florida and the arid regions of the South- 
west; in winter from the northern United States 
to Panama. About eleven inches in length, this 
pretty little hawk has readily adapted itself to 
civilization and in densely populated areas 
makes its nest about buildings and even in bird- 
houses. The sparrow hawk should be protected 
everywhere, for it is useful to man; it feeds 
chiefly on mice and insects. (Photo by Doro- 
thy M. Compton) 

2. SNOWY OWL. One of the largest and most 
handsome of owls, the snowy owl, is at home in 
the northern part of the Northern Hemisphere; 
it breeds as far north as land is found and as far 
south as northern Quebec, Manitoba, and British 
Columbia. In winter it migrates southward in 
search of food if mice and lemmings become 
scarce in the North. In North America the winter 
range may extend as far south as the Gulf states, 
in Europe as far south as France and Switzer- 
land, and in Asia to northern India and Japan. 
This owl is seldom seen in trees, preferring the 
open country, probably because the rodents 
which are its principal food are found there. 
(Photo by Olin Sewall Pettingill, Jr.) 

3. A YOUNG SCREECH OWL. The range of 
these birds extends from southern Canada to 
the southern United States. They breed over 
most of this area. The screech owl is not quite 
so long as a robin. It often nests in a small 
cavity in a tree or even in a birdhouse. It is 
not unusual for the owl to use the same nesting 
place year after year. It feeds largely on mice, 
other small mammals, insects, and small birds. 
This owl is unique in that it has two color 
phases; both male and female may be either gray 
or reddish brown. (Photo by Dorothy M. Comp* 
ton) 



4. HERRING GULL. These birds are scav- 
engers found along the coasts and inland 
waters of the Northern Hemisphere. They 
nest in colonies, usually on islands but always 
near the water. The nest of seaweed, grasses, 
or moss is generally built on the ground. Flocks 
of herring gulls are often seen near piers and 
wharves where they perform a valuable service 
by feeding on garbage and refuse. It is generally 
this bird that follows coastwise boats waiting 
for refuse to be thrown overboard. (Photo by 
Olin Sewall Pettingill, Jr.) 

5. AN ADULT SCREECH OWL. Perched in a 
tree, the screech owl is difficult to detect, for 
he is easily mistaken for branches and leaves. 
(Photo by A. A. Allen) 

6. A BLACK VULTURE AT THE ENTRANCE 
TO ITS NEST. This is a scavenger of the South. 
Though it rarely breeds north of Maryland, 
it is occasionally seen in some of the central 
states. The value of these birds in removing 
health-menacing garbage and carrion is so 
great that they are protected by law and public 
sentiment. They are quite numerous in the 
South and are often seen in towns and cities. 
The black vulture does not build a nest; the 
eggs are laid in cavities in trees or rocks, in 
hollow stumps, or on the ground beneath bushes. 
(Photo by S.A. Grimes') 

7. AUDUBON'S CAR AC ABA. This bird's usual 
range is from Lower California, Arizona, Texas, 
and southern Florida southward to Ecuador; 
it has been reported as an accidental visitor as 
far north as Ontario. The nest is a bulky struc- 
ture of sticks, branches, roots, grass, and leaveSj 
usually placed in trees or on bushes or ledges. 
Caracaras are often seen in the company of 
vultures, feeding on carrion, and they also 
capture and eat snakes, frogs, and lizards. The 
caracara's flight is direct and rapid, not at all 
like that of the vulture, which sails and soars in 
spirals. (Photo by S. A. Grimes) 



io8 



ANIMALS 




Leonard K. Beyer 

Nest and eggs of the marsh hawk 

but as they drop, the focus of the eyes 
changes automatically with great rapid- 
ity, so that by the time they reach the 
earth they are nearsighted, a feat quite 
impossible for our eyes unless aided by 
glasses or telescope. 

These so-called hen hawks will often sit 
motionless, for hours at a time, on some 
dead branch or dead tree; they are proba- 
bly watching for something eatable to stir 
within the range of their keen vision. 
When seizing its prey, a hawk uses its 
strong feet and sharp, curved talons. All 
hawks have sharp and polished claws, even 
as the warrior has a keen, bright sword; the 
legs are covered by a growth of feathers 
extending down from above, looking like 
feather trousers. The beak is hooked and 
very sharp and is used for tearing apart 
the flesh of the quarry. When a hawk 
fights some larger animal or man, it 
throws itself over upon its back and strikes 
its assailant with its strong claws as well 
as with its beak; but the talons are its chief 
weapons. 

Both species build a large, shallow nest 
of coarse sticks and grass, lined with moss, 
feathers, etc.; it is a rude, rough structure, 
and is placed in tall trees from fifty to 
sfeventy-five feet from the ground. Only 
two to four eggs are laid; these are whitish, 
spotted with brown. These hawks are said 
to remain mated for life and are devoted 



to each other and to their young. Hawks 
and eagles are very similar in form and 
habits, and if the eagle is a noble bird, so 
is the hawk. 

SUGGESTED READING Audubon Bird 
Leaflets 8, 9, 10, 37, 82, 122; Bird Stories 
from Burroughs, by John Burroughs; Food 
Habits of Common Hawlcs, by W. L. 
McAtee (U. S. Department of Agricul- 
ture, Circular 370); The Hawlcs of North 
America, by John B. May; Our Backdoor 
Neighbors, by Frank C. Pellett; also, read- 
ings on pages 28-29. 

LESSON 27 
THE HAWKS 

LEADING THOUGHT Uninformed peo- 
ple consider all hawks dangerous neigh- 
bors because they are supposed to feed 
exclusively on poultry. This idea is false 
and we should study carefully the habits 
of hawks before we shoot them. The ordi- 
nary large reddish " hen hawks," which 
circle high above meadows, are doing great 
good to the farmer by feeding upon the 
mice and other creatures which steal his 
grain and girdle his trees. 

METHOD Begin by observations on 
the flight of one of these hawks and sup- 
plement this with such observations as the 
pupils are able to make, or facts which 
they can discover by talking with hunters 
or others, and by reading. 

OBSERVATIONS i. How can you tell a 




Leonard K. Beyer 

Young marsh hawks 



BIRDS 



109 



hawk, when flying, from a crow or other 
large bird? Describe how it soars. Does 
it move off in any direction? If so, does it 
move off in circles? How often does it 
make strokes with its wings? Does it rise 
when it is facing the wind and fall as it 
turns its back to the wind? 

2. Have you seen a hawk flap its wings 
many times and then soar for a time? If 
so, what hawk do you think it was? How 
does it differ in habits from the "hen 
hawks "? 

3. Have you noticed a hawk when soar- 
ing drop suddenly to earth? If so, why did 
it do this? 

4. How does a hawk hunt? How, when 
it is so high in the air that it looks like a 
circling speck in the sky, can it see a mouse 
in a meadow? If it is so farsighted as 
this, how can it be nearsighted enough to 
catch the mouse when it is close to it? 
Would you not have to use field glasses 
or telescope to do this? 

5. When a hawk alights what sort of 
place does it choose? How does it act? 

6. Do hawks seize their prey with their 
claws or their beaks? What sort of feet 
and claws has the hawk? Describe the 
beak. What do you think a beak of this 
shape is meant for? 

7. Why do people shoot hawks? Why 
is it a mistake for people to wish to shoot 
all hawks? 

8. What is the food of the red-shoul- 
dered hawk as shown by the bulletin of 
the U.S. Department of Agriculture or by 
the Audubon leaflets? 



9. Where does the hawk place its nest? 
Of what does it build its nest? 

10. Compare the food and the nesting 
habits of the red-shouldered and red- 
tailed hawks? 

1 1 . How devoted are the hawks to their 
mates and to their young? Does a hawk, 
having lost its mate, live alone ever after? 

12. Describe the colors of the hen 
hawks and describe how you can tell the 
two species apart by the colors and mark- 
ings of the tail. 

13. What is the cry of the hawk? How 
can you tell the two species apart by this 
cry? Does the hawk give its cry only when 
on the wing? 

14. Why should an eagle be considered 
so noble a bird and the hawk be so 
scorned? What difference is there be- 
tween them in habits? 

Yet, ere the noon, as brass the heaven 

turns, 

The cruel sun smites with unerring aim, 
The sight and touch of all things blinds 

and burns, 

And bare, hot hills seem shimmering 
into flame! 

On outspread wings a hawk, far poised on 

high, 
Quick swooping screams, and then is 

heard no more: 

The strident shrilling of a locust nigh 
Breaks forth, and dies in silence as be- 
fore. 
" SUMMER DROUGHT," J. P. IRVINE 



THE SWALLOWS AND THE CHIMNEY SWIFT 



These friendly little birds spend their 
time darting through the air on swift 
wings, seeking and destroying insects 
which are foes to us and to our various 
crops. However, it is safe to assume that 
they are not thinking of us as they skim 
above our meadows and ponds, hawking 
our tiny foes; for like most of us, they are 
simply intent upon getting a living. 
Would that we might perform this nec- 
essary duty as gracefully as they! 



In general, the swallows have a long, 
slender, graceful body, with a long tail 
which is forked or notched, except in the 
case of the eave swallow. The beak is short 
but wide where it joins the head; this en- 
ables the bird to open its mouth wide and 
gives it more scope in the matter of catch- 
ing insects; the swift flight of the swallows 
enables them to catch insects on the wing. 
Their legs are short, the feet are weak and 
fitted for perching; it would be quite im- 



no 



ANIMALS 




L. A. Fuertes 

Swallows and swifts 

possible for a swallow to walk or hop like 
a robin or blackbird. 

THE EAVE OR CLIFF SWALLOWS 
These swallows build under the eaves of 
barns or in similar locations. In early times 
they built against the sides of cliffs; but 
when man came and built barns, they 
chose them for their dwelling sites. The 
nest is made of mud pellets and is some- 
what globular in shape, with an entrance 
at one side. When the nest is on the side 
of a cliff or in an unprotected portion of 
a barn, a covered passage is built around 
the door, which gives the nest the shape 
of a gourd or retort; but when protected 
beneath the eaves the birds seem to think 




this vestibule is unnecessary. The mud 
nest is warmly lined with feathers and soft 
materials, and often there are many nests 
built so closely together that they touch. 
The eave swallow comes north about May 
i, and soon after that may be seen along 
streams or other damp places gathering 
mud for the nests. It seems necessary for 
the bird to find clay mud in order to ren- 
der the nest strong enough to support the 
eggs and nestlings. The eggs are white, 
blotched with reddish brown. The parents 
cling to the edge of the nest when feeding 




A. A. Allen 



Nests of cliff swallows 



Leonard K. Beyer 

Barn swallow and nest 

the young. Both the barn and eave swal- 
lows are blue above, but the eave swallow 
has the forehead cream white and the 
rump of pale brick-red, and its tail is 
square across the end as seen in flight. The 
bam swallow has a chestnut forehead and 
its outer tail feathers are long, making a 
distinct fork during flight, and it is not red 
upon the rump. 

THE BARN SWALLOWS These birds 
choose a bam where there is a hole in the 
gable or where the doors are kept open all 
the time. They build upon beams or raf- 
ters, making a cup-shaped nest of layers of 
pellets of mud, with grass between; it is 
well lined with feathers. The nest is usu- 
ally the shape of half of a shallow cup 
which has been cut in two lengthwise, the 



BIRDS 

cut side being plastered against the side of 
the rafter. Sometimes the nests are more 
or less supported upon a beam or rafter; 
the eggs are white and dotted with reddish 
brown. The barn swallows, aside from 
their constant twittering, have also a 
pretty song. Both parents work at build- 
ing the nest and feeding the young; there 
are likely to be several pairs nesting in the 
same building. The parents continue to 
feed the young long after they have left 
the nest; often a whole family may be seen 
sitting on a telegraph wire or wire fence, 
the parents still feeding the well-grown 
youngsters. This species comes north in 




This barn swallow's nest is well feathered 

the latter part of April and leaves early in 
September. It winters as far south as 
Brazil. 

The barn swallow has a distinctly tailor- 
made appearance; its red-brown vest and 
iridescent blue coat, with deeply forked 
" coat tails " give it an elegance of style 
which no other bird, not even the chic 
cedar waxwing, can emulate. 

THE BANK SWALLOW When we see a 
sandy bank apparently shot full of holes as 
by small cannon balls, we may know that 
we have found a tenement of bank swal- 
lows. These birds always choose the per- 
pendicular banks of creeks or of railroad 
cuts or of sand pits for their nesting sites; 
they require a soil sufficiently soft to be 
tunneled by their weak feet, and yet not 
so loose as to cave in upon the nest. The 
tunnel may extend from one to four feet 




Leonard K. Beyer 

The band of color across the breast is the dis- 
tinguishing mark of the bank swallow 

horizontally in the bank with just enough 
diameter to admit the body of the rather 
small bird. The nest is situated at the 
extreme end of the tunnel and is lined 
with soft feathers and grasses. 

The bank swallows arrive late in April 
and leave early in September. They may 
be distinguished from the other species by 
their grayish color above; the throat and 
breast are white with a broad, brownish 
band across the breast; .-the tail is slightly 
forked. The rough-winged swallow, which 
is similar in habits to the bank swallow, 
may be distinguished from it by its gray 
breast which has no dark band. 

THE TREE SWALLOW This graceful 
little bird builds naturally in holes in trees, 
but readily accepts a box if it is provided. 
It begins to build soon after it comes 
north in late April, and it is well for us 
to encourage the tree swallows to live near 




Leonard K. Beyer 

Nesting site of a colony of bank swallows 



112 



ANIMALS 




George Fiske, Jr. 

A tree swallow 

our houses by building houses for them 
and driving away the English sparrows. 
The tree swallows live upon many insects 
which annoy us and injure our gardens 
and damage our orchards; they are, there- 
fore, much more desirable neighbors than 
the English sparrows. The tree swallows 
congregate in great numbers for the south- 
ern migration very early in the season. 




often in early August. They are likely to 
congregate in marshes, as are also the 
other swallows. In color the tree swallow 
has a green metallic back and head, and 
a pure white breast with no band across 
it; these peculiarities distinguish it from 
all other species. 

THE PURPLE MARTIN The martin is 
a larger bird than any other swallow, be- 
ing eight inches in length, while the barn 
swallow does not measure quite seven. 
The male is shining, steel-blue above and 
below; the female is brownish above, has 
a gray throat, brownish breast and is white 
beneath. The martins originally nested in 
hollow trees but for centuries have been 
cared for by man. The Indians were wont 
to put out empty gourds for them to nest 
in; and as soon as America was settled by 
Europeans, martin boxes were built ex- 




A. A. Allen 



Nest of chimney swifts 



Leonard K. Beyer 

Two bank swallows at the entrances to their 
burrows 



tensively. But when the English sparrows 
came, they took possession of the boxes, 
and the martins have to a large extent dis- 
appeared; this is a pity since they are bene- 
ficial birds, feeding upon insects which 
are injurious to our farms and gardens. 
They are also delightful birds to have 
around, and we may possibly induce them 
to come back to us by building houses 
for them and driving away the sparrows. 

THE CHIMNEY SWIFT 

When the old-fashioned fireplaces 
went out of use and were walled up, leav- 
ing the great old chimneys useless, these 
sociable birds took possession of them. 



BIRDS 



113 



Here they built their nests and reared their 
young, and twittered and scrambled about, 
awakened all sleepers in the neighbor- 
hood at earliest dawn, and in many ways 
made themselves a distinct part of family 
life. With the disappearance of these old 
chimneys and the growing use of the 
smaller chimney, the swifts have been 
more or less driven from their close asso- 
ciation with people; and now their nests 
are often found in hay barns or other 
secluded buildings, although they still 
gather in chimneys when opportunity 
offers. 

The chimney swifts originally built 
nests in hollow trees and caves; but with 
the coming of civilization they took pos- 
session of the chimneys disused during the 
summer, and here is where we know them 
best. The nests are shaped like little wall 
pockets; they are made of small sticks of 
nearly uniform size which are glued to- 
gether and glued fast to the chimney wall 
by means of the saliva secreted in the 
mouth of the bird. After the nesting sea- 
son, the swifts often gather in great flocks 
and live together in some large chimney; 
toward nightfall they may be seen cir- 
cling about in great numbers and drop- 
ping into the mouth of the chimney, one 
by one, as if they were being poured into 
a funnel. In the morning they leave in 
reverse manner, each swift flying about 
in widening circles as it leaves the chim- 
ney. The swifts are never seen to alight 
anywhere except in hollow trees or chim- 
neys or similar places; their tiny feet have 
sharp claws for clinging to the slightest 
roughness of the upright wall; the tail 
acts as a prop, each tail feather ending in 
a spine which is pressed against the chim- 
ney side when the bird alights, thus 
enabling it to cling more firmly. In this 
fashion the swifts roost, practically hung 
up against a wall. 

The swift has a short beak and wide 
mouth which it opens broadly to engulf 
insects as it darts through the air. Chim- 
ney swifts have been known to travel at the 
rate of no miles an hour. 

This bird should never be confused 
with the swallows, for when flying, its 



tail seems simply a sharp point, making the 
whole body cigar-shaped. This character- 
istic alone distinguishes it from the long- 
tailed swallows. In color it is sooty brown, 
with a gray throat and breast; the wings 
are long and narrow and apparently 
curved. The manner of flight and appear- 
ance in the air make it resemble the bat 
more than it does the swallow. 

SUGGESTED READING Audubon Bird 
Leaflets 13, 32, 33, and 49; Bird Stories, 
by Edith M. Patch (Cliff Swallow); Bird 
Stories from Burroughs, by John Bur- 
roughs (Chimney Swift) ; First Lessons in 
Nature Study, by Edith M. Patch (Cliff 
Swallow, Bank Swallow); Holiday Pond, 
by Edith M. Patch (Bank Swallow); Na- 
ture and Science Readers, by Edith M. 
Patch and Harrison E. Howe, Book i, 
Hunting (Bank Swallow), Book 2, Out- 
door Visits (Bank Swallow, Tree Swal- 
low), Book 3, Surprises (Tree Swallow), 
Book 5, Science at Home (Cliff Swallow) ; 
also, readings on pages 28-29. 

LESSON 28 
THE SWALLOWS AND SWIFTS 

LEADING THOUGHT The swallows are 
very graceful birds and are exceedingly 
swift fliers. They feed upon insects which 
they catch upon the wing. There are five 
native swallows which are common the 
eave, or cliff, the barn, the bank, the tree 
swallow, and the purple martin. The 
chimney swift, although often called so, 
is not a swallow; it is more nearly related 
to the hummingbird than to the swallows. 

METHOD The questions should be 
given as an outline for observation, and 
may be written on the blackboard or 
placed in the field notebook. The pupils 
should answer them individually and 
from field observation. We s.:udy the 
swifts and swallows together to teach the 
pupils to distinguish them apart. 

OBSERVATIONS i. What is the gen- 
eral shape of the swallow? What is the 
color of the forehead, throat, upper breast, 
neck, rump, and tail? 

2. Is the tail noticeably forked, espe- 
cially during flight? 




ANIMALS 



Leonard K. Beyer 1 

Nest of bank swallows. The bank has been 
cut away so that the nest and eggs could be 
photographed 

3. Describe the flight of the swallow. 
What are the purposes of its long, swift 
flight? How are the swallow's wings fitted 
for carrying the bird swiftly? 

4. Describe the form of the beak of 
the swallow. How does it get its food? 
What is its food? 

5. In what particular locations do 
you see the swallows darting about? 
At what time of day do they seem most 
active? 

6. Describe the swallow's legs and feet 
and explain why they look so different 
from those of the robin and blackbird. 

THE EAVE OR CLIFF SWALLOW 

7. Where do the eave swallows build 
their nests? Of what material is the out- 
side? The lining? Describe the shape of 
the nest and how it is supported. 

8. How early in the spring do the eave 
swallows begin to make their nests? 
Where and by what means do they get 
the material for nest building? Are there 
a number of nests usually grouped to- 
gether? 

9. Describe the eave swallow's egg. 
Where do the parents sit when feeding 
the young? What is the note of the eave 
swallow? 

10. What are the differences between 



the barn and the eave swallow in color 
and shape of tail? 

THE BARN SWALLOW 

11. Where does the barn swallow place 
its nest? What is the shape of the nest? 
Of what material is it made? 

12. What is the color of the eggs? De- 
scribe the feeding of the young and the 
sounds made by them and their parents. 
Do both parents work together to build 
the nest and feed the young? 

13. Is there usually more than one nest 
in the same locality? When the young 
swallows are large enough to leave the 
nest, describe how the parents continue 
to care for them. 

14. Have you ever heard the barn swal- 
lows sing? Describe their conversational 
notes. 

15. When do the barn swallows mi- 
grate and where do they go during the 
winter? How can you distinguish the barn 
swallow from the eave swallow? 

THE BANK SWALLOW 

16. Where do the bank swallows build? 
What sort of soil do they choose? 

17. How does a bank which is tenanted 
by these birds look? 

18. How far do the bank swallows 
tunnel into the earth? What is the di- 
ameter of one of these tunnels? Do they 
extend straight or do they rise or deflect? 




A. A. Allen 

Nest and eggs of tree swallows 



BIRDS 

19. With what tools is the tunnel exca- 
vated? Where is the nest situated in the 
tunnel and how is it lined? 



115 



25. Where did the martins build their 
nests before America was civilized? 
Where do thev like to nest now? How do 



20. How can you distinguish this spe- the purple martins benefit us and how 
cies from the barn and eave and tree 
swallows? At what time do the bank swal- 
lows leave us for migration south? 



THE TREE SWALLOW 

21. Where does the tree swallow make 
its nest? How does its nest differ from 
that of the barn ? eave, or bank swallow? 
When does it begin to build? 

22. How can we encourage the tree 
swallow to build near our houses? Why 
is the tree swallow a much more desirable 
bird to have in birdhouses than the Eng- 
lish sparrow? 

23. Describe the peculiar migrating 
habits of the tree swallow. How can you 
tell this species from the barn, the eave, 
and the bank swallows? 

THE PURPLE MARTIN 

24. Compare the purple martin with 
the swallows and describe how it differs in 
size and color. 



can w r e induce them to come to us? 

THE CHIMNEY SWIFT 

26. Where do the chimney swifts 
build their nests? Of what materials is the 
nest made? What is its shape and how is 
it supported? Where does the chimney 
swift get the glue which it uses for nest 
building? 

27. Describe how the chimney swifts 
enter their nesting place at night. Where 
and how do they perch? Describe the 
shape of the swift's tail and its use to the 
bird when roosting. 

28. On what does the chimney swift 
feed and how does it procure this food? 
Describe how its beak is especially fitted 
for this. 

29. How can you distinguish the chim- 
ney swift from the swallows? In what re- 
spect does the chimney swift resemble the 
swallows? In what respects does it differ 
from them? 



THE HUMMINGBIRD 



Formerly it was believed that this dain- 
tiest of birds found the nectar of flowers 
ample support for its active life; but the 
later methods of discovering what birds 
eat by examining the contents of their 
stomachs, show that the hummingbird is 
an insect eater of most ravenous appetite. 
Not only does it catch insects in mid 
air, but undoubtedly takes them while 
they are feasting on the nectar of the 
tubular flowers which the hummingbird 
loves to visit. Incidentally, the humming- 
bird carries some pollen for these flowers 
and may be counted as a friend in every 
respect, since usually the insects in the 
nectaries of those flowers with long tubu- 
lar corollas are stealing nectar without 
giving in return any compensation to the 
flower by carrying its pollen. Such insects 
may be the smaller beetles, ants, and flies. 



The adaptations of the hummingbird's 
beak and long, double-tubed tongue, are 
especially for securing this mingled diet 
of insects and nectar. It is interesting to 
note that the young hummingbirds have 
the beak much shorter than the mature 
birds. The hummingbird's beak is exactly 
fitted to probe those flowers where the 
bird finds its food. The tongue has the 
outer edges curved over, making a tube on 
each side. These tubes are provided with 
minute brushes at the tips and thus are 
fitted both for sucking nectar and for 
sweeping up the insects. 

The natural home of the hummingbird 
seems to have been in the American trop- 
ics. The male of our one species east of 
the Rocky Mountains has a ruby throat. 
This bird comes to us after a very long 
journey each year. One species on the Pa- 



n6 




ANIMALS 

The nest of the hummingbird is a 
most exquisite structure; it is about three- 
fourths of an inch in diameter on the in- 
side and about half an inch deep. It is, 
in shape, a symmetrical cup; the outside 
is covered with lichens, so that it exactly 
resembles the branch on which it rests; 
the inside is lined with the down of plant 
seeds and plant fibers. The lichens are 
often fastened to the outside with the 



A. A. Allen 

Ruby -throated hummingbird turning her 
eggs 

cific Coast is known to travel three thou- 
sand miles to the north for the summer 
and back again in winter. 

Hummingbirds are not supposed to 
sing, but to use their voices for squeak- 
ing when angry or frightened. However, I 
once had the privilege of listening to a 
true song by a hummingbird on the Pacific 
Coast. The midget was perched upon a 
twig and lifted up his voice with every 
appearance of ecstasy in pouring forth his 
lay. To my uncultured ear this song was 
a fine, shrill, erratic succession of squeaks, 
" as fine as a cambric needle/' said my 
companion. 





General Biological Supply House, Chicago 

Two young hummingbirds. They remain in 
nest for about three weeks 



General Biological Supply House, Chicago 

Not much larger than a walnut, the hum- 
mingbird's nest looks like a knot on a branch 

silk web of spiders or caterpillars. The nest 
is usually saddled on a branch of a tree 
from ten to fifty feet above the ground. 
The eggs are two in number and white; 
they look like tiny beans. The young are 
black and look, at first glance, more like 
insects than like birds. 

SUGGESTED READING American Bird 
Biographies, by A. A. Allen; Audubon 
Bird Leaflet 56; Mother Nature Series, 
by Fannie W. Dunn and Eleanor Troxell, 
Book 3, In Field and Forest; Nature and 
Science Readers, by Edith M. Patch and 
Harrison E. Howe, Book i, Hunting, 
Book 5, Science at Home; also, readings 
on pages 28-29. 

LESSON 29 
THE HUMMINGBIRD 

LEADING THOUGHT The humming- 
bird in flight moves its wings so rapidly 
that we cannot see them. It can hold itself 
poised above flowers while it thrusts its 
long beak into them for nectar and in- 
sects. 

METHOD Give the questions to the 



BIRDS 

pupils and let them make the observations 
when they have the opportunity. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where did you 
find the hummingbird? What flowers was 
it visiting? At what time of day? Can you 
tell whether it is a hummingbird or a 
hawkmoth which is visiting the flowers? 
At what time of day do the hawkmoths 
appear? 

2. Did you ever see the hummingbird 
come to rest? Describe its actions while 
resting. 



117 



3. What are the colors of the back, 
throat, breast, and under parts? How do 
you distinguish the mother hummingbird 
from her mate? 

4. How does the hummingbird act 
when extracting the nectar? How does it 
balance itself in front of a flower? Have 
you ever seen hummingbirds catch insects 
in the air? If so, describe how they did it. 

5. Describe the hummingbird's nest. 
How large is it in diameter? What is the 
covering outside? With what is it lined? 



THE RED-WINGED BLACKBIRD 



The blackbirds are among our earliest 
visitors in the spring; they come in flocks 
and beset our leafless trees like punctua- 
tion marks, meanwhile squeaking like mu- 
sical wheelbarrows. What they are, where 
they come from, where they are going and 
what they are going to do, are the ques- 
tions that naturally arise at the sight of 
these sable flocks. It is not easy to distin- 
guish grackles, cowbirds, and rusty black- 
birds at a glance, but the redwing pro- 
claims his identity from afar. The bright 
red epaulets, margined behind with pale 
yellow, make up a uniform which catches 
the admiring eye. The bird's glossy black 
plumage brings into greater contrast his 
bright decorations. No one who has seen 
his actions can doubt that he is fully 
aware of his beauty: he comes sailing 
down at the end of his strong, swift flight, 
and balances himself on some bending 
reed; then, dropping his long tail as if 
it were the crank of his music box, and 
holding both wings lifted to show his scar- 
let decorations, he sings his " quong-quer- 
ee-ee." Little wonder that such a hand- 
some, military-looking fellow should be 
able now and then to win more than 
his share of feminine admiration. But 
even though he become an entirely suc- 
cessful bigamist or even trigamist, he has 
proved himself to be a good protector 
of each and all of his wives and nestlings; 
however, he often has but one mate. 

" The redwing flutes his O-ka-lee " is 



Emerson's graphic description of the 
sweet song of the redwing; he also has 
many other notes. He clucks to his mates 
and clucks more sharply when suspicious, 
and has one alarm note that is truly alarm- 




L 



Male and female red-winged blackbirds 

ing. The male redwings come from the 
South in March; they appear in flocks 7 
often three weeks before their mates ar- 
rive. The female looks as though she be- 
longed to quite a different species. Al- 



n8 



ANIMALS 




Nest and eggs of the red-winged blackbird 

though her head and back are black, the 
black is decidedly rusty; it is quite im- 
possible to describe her, she is so incon- 
spicuously speckled with brown, black, 
whitish buff, and orange. Most of us never 
recognize her unless we see her with her 
spouse. She probably does most of the 
nest building, and her suit of salt, pepper, 
and mustard renders her invisible to the 
keen eyes of birds of prey. Only when she 
is flying does she show her blackbird char- 
acteristics her tail being long and of ob- 
vious use as a steering organ; and she walks 
with long, stiff strides. The redwings are 
ever to be found in and about swamps 
and marshes. The nest is usually built in 
May; it is made of grasses and stalks of 
weeds and is lined with finer grass or 
reeds. It is bulky and is placed in low 
bushes or among the reeds. The eggs are 
pale blue, streaked and spotted with 
purple or black. The young resemble the 
mother in color, the males being obliged 
to wait a year for their epaulets. As to 
the food of the redwings here in the 
North, Mr. Forbush has said: 



" Although the red-wings almost invari- 
ably breed in the swamp or marsh, they 
have a partiality for open fields and 
plowed lands; however, most of the black- 
birds that nest in the smaller swamps ad- 
jacent to farm lands get a large share of 
their food from the farmer's fields. They 
forage about the fields and meadows when 
they first come north in the spring. Later, 
they follow the plow, picking up grubs, 
worms and caterpillars; and should there 
be an outbreak of canker-worms in the or- 
chard, the blackbirds will fly at least half 
a mile to get canker-worms for their young. 
Wilson estimated that the red-wings of 
the United States would in four months 
destroy sixteen thousand two hundred 




A. A. Allen 

The mother arrives with food for her young 

million larvas. They eat the caterpillars of 
the gypsy moth, the forest tent-caterpillar, 
and other hairy larvae. They are among 
the most destructive birds to weevils, click 
beetles, and wire-worms. Grasshoppers, 
ants, bugs, and flies form a portion of the 
red-wing's food. They eat comparatively 
little grain in Massachusetts although they 
get some from newly sown fields in spring, 
as well as from the autumn harvest; but 
they feed very largely on the seeds of 
weeds and wild rice in the fall. In the 



BIRDS 



119 



South they join with the bobolink in 
devastating the rice fields, and in the 
West they are often so numerous as to 
destroy the grain in the fields; but here [in 
the North and East] the good they do far 
outweighs the injury, and for this reason 
they are protected by law." 

SUGGESTED READING Audubon Bird 
Leaflet 25; also, readings on pages 28-29. 

LESSON 30 
THE RED-WINGED BLACKBIRD 

LEADING THOUGHT The red-winged 
blackbird lives in the marshes where it 
builds its nest. However, it comes over 
to our plowed lands and pastures and 
helps the farmer by destroying many in- 
sects which injure the meadows, crops, 
and trees. 

METHOD The observations should be 
made by the pupils individually in the 
field. These birds may be looked for in 
flocks early in the spring, but the study 
should be made in May or June when they 
will be found in numbers in almost any 
swamp. The questions may be given to the 
pupils a few at a time or written in their 
field notebooks and the answers discussed 
when discovered. 

OBSERVATIONS i . How can you dis- 
tinguish the red-winged blackbird from 
all other blackbirds? Where is the red 
on his wings? Is there any other color be- 
sides black on the wings? Where? What 
is the color of the rest of the plumage of 
this bird? 

2. What is there peculiar in the flight 
of the redwing? Is its tail long or short? 
How does it use its tail in flight? What is 



its position when the bird alights on a 
reed? 

3. What is the song of the redwing? 
Describe the way he holds his wings and 
tail when singing, balanced on a reed or 
some other swamp grass. Does he show off 
his epaulets when singing? What note 
does he give when he is surprised or sus- 
picious? When frightened? 

4. When does the redwing first appear 
in the spring? Does he come alone or in 
flocks? Does his mate come with him? 
Where do the redwings winter? In what 
localities do the red-winged blackbirds 
live? Why do they live there? What is the 
color of the mother redwing? Would you 
know by her looks that she was a black- 
bird? What advantage is it to the pair 
that the female is so dull in color? 

5. At what time do these birds nest? 
Where is the nest built? Of what ma- 
terial? How is it concealed? What is the 
color of the eggs? 

6. Do the young birds resemble in color 
their father or their mother? Why is this 
an advantage? 

7. Is the redwing ever seen in fields 
adjoining the marshes? What is he doing 
there? Does he walk or hop when looking 
for food? What is the food of the red- 
wings? Do they ever damage grain? Do 
they not protect grain more than they 
damage it? 

8. What great good do the redwings 
do for forest trees? For orchards? 

9. At what time in the summer do the 
redwings disappear from the swamps? 
Where do they gather in flocks? Where 
is their special feeding ground on the way 
south for the winter? 



120 



ANIMALS 




The Baltimore oriole 



THE BALTIMORE ORIOLE 

I know his name, I know his note, 

That so with rapture takes my soul; 
Like flame the gold beneath his throat, 

His glossy cope is black as coal. 
O Oriole, it is the song 

You sang me from the cottonwood, 
Too young to feel that I was young, 

Too glad to guess if life were good. 
WILLIAM DEAN HOWELLS 



Dangling from the slender, drooping 
branches of the elm in winter, these 
pocket nests look like some strange per- 
sistent fruit; and, indeed, they are the 
fruit of much labor on the part of the 
oriole weavers, those skilled artisans of 
the bird world. Sometimes the oriole 
" For the summer voyage his hammock 
swings " in a sapling, placing it near the 
main stem and near the top; otherwise it 
is almost invariably hung at the end of 
branches and is rarely less than twenty 
feet from the ground. The nest is pocket- 
shaped, and usually about seven inches 
long, and four and a half inches wide at 
the largest part, which is the bottom. The 



top is attached to forked twigs at the Y 
so that the mouth or door will be kept 
open to allow the bird to pass in and out; 
when within, the weight of the bird 
causes the opening to contract somewhat 
and protects the inmate from prying eyes. 
Often the pocket hangs free so that the 
breezes may rock it, but in one case we 
found a nest with the bottom stayed to 
a twig by guy lines. The bottom is much 
more closely woven than the upper part 
for a very good reason, since the open 
meshes admit air to the sitting bird. The 
nest is lined with hair or other soft ma- 
terial, and although this is added last, the 
inside of the nest is woven first. The ori- 



BIRDS 



121 



oles like to build the framework of twine, 
and it is marvelous how they will loop this 
around a twig almost as evenly knotted as 
if crocheted; in and out of this net the 
mother bird with her long, sharp beak 
weaves bits of wood fiber, strong, fine 
grass, and scraps of weeds. The favorite 
lining is horsehair, which simply cushions 
the bottom of the pocket. Dr". Detwiler 
had a pet oriole which built her nest of 
his hair, which she pulled from his head; 
is it possible that orioles get their supply 
of horsehair in a similar way? If we put 
bright-colored twine or narrow ribbons in 
convenient places, the orioles will weave 
them into the nest, but the strings should 
not be long lest the birds become entan- 
gled. If the nest is strong the birds may 
use it a second year. 

That Lord Baltimore found in new 
America a bird wearing his colors must 
have cheered him greatly; and it is well 
for us that this brilliant bird brings to our 
minds kindly thoughts of that tolerant, 
high-minded English nobleman. The ori- 
ole's head, neck, throat, and part of the 
back are black; the wings are black but the 
feathers are margined with white; the tail 
is black except that the ends of the outer 
feathers are yellow; all the rest of the bird 
is golden orange, a luminous color which 
makes him seem a splash of brilliant sun- 
shine. The female, although marked much 
the same, has the back so dull and mot- 
tled that it looks olive-brown; the rump, 
breast, and under parts are yellow but by 
no means showy. The advantage of these 
quiet colors to the mother bird is obvious, 
since it is she that makes the nest and 
sits in it without attracting attention to 
its location. In fact, when she is sitting, 
her brilliant mate places himself far 
enough away to distract the attention of 
meddlers, yet near enough for her to see 
the flash of his breast in the sunshine and 
to hear his rich and cheering song. He 
is a good spouse and brings her the ma- 
terials for the nest which she weaves in, 
hanging head downward from a twig and 
using her long sharp beak for a shuttle. 
And his glorious song is for her alone. 
Some hold that no two orioles have the 




C. R. Crosby 

An oriole's nest, anchored to the windward 

same song, and I know of two individuals 
at least whose songs were sung by no other 
birds: one gave a phrase from the Wald- 
vogel's song in Siegfried; the other whis- 
tled over and over, " Sweet birdie, hello, 
hello/ 7 The orioles can chatter and scold 
as well as sing. 

The oriole is a brave defender of his 
nest and a most devoted father, working 
hard to feed his ever-hungry nestlings; we 
can hear these hollow mites peeping for 
more food, " Tee dee dee, tee dee dee/ 7 
shrill and constant, if we stop for a mo- 
ment under the nest in June. The young 
birds dress in the safe colors of the mother, 
the males not donning their bright plum- 
age until the second year. A brilliant col- 
ored fledgling would not live long in a 
world where sharp eyes are in constant 
quest for little birds to fill empty stom- 
achs. 

The food of the oriole places it among 
our most beneficial birds, since it is al- 
ways ready to cope with the hairy cater- 
pillars avoided by most birds; it has learned 
to abstract the caterpillar from his spines 
and is thus able to swallow him minus his 



122 



ANIMALS 




Young orioles just out of the nest 



" whiskers/' The orioles are waging a great 
war against the terrible brown-tail and 
gypsy moths; they also eat click beetles 
and many other noxious insects. Once 
when we were breeding big caterpillars in 
the Cornell University Insectary, an oriole 
came in through the open windows of 




Leonard K. Beyer 

An orchard oriole 

the greenhouse, and thinking he had 
found a bonanza proceeded to work it, 
carrying off our precious crawlers before 
we discovered what was happening. 

The orioles winter in Central America 
and give us scarcely four months of their 



company. They do not usually appear be- 
fore May and leave in early September. 
SUGGESTED READING American Bird 
Biographies, by A. A. Allen; Audubon 
Bird Leaflet 26; Bird-House to Let, by 
Mary F. Terrel; Bird Stories from Bur- 
roughs, by John Burroughs; Nature and 
Science Readers, by Edith M. Patch and 
Harrison E. Howe, Book 2, Outdoor 
Visits; Pathways in Science, by Gerald S. 
Craig and Co-authors, Book 3, Our Wide, 
Wide World; also, readings on pages 28- 
29. 

LESSON 31 
THE ORIOLE 

LEADING THOUGHT The oriole is the 
most skillful of all our bird architects. 
It is also one of our prized song birds 
and is very beneficial to the farmer and the 
fruit grower because of the insect pests 
which it destroys. 

METHOD Begin during winter or 
early spring with a study of the nest, which 
may be obtained from the elms of the 
roadsides. During the first week in May, 
give the questions concerning the birds 
and their habits. Let the pupils keep the 
questions in their notebooks and answer 
them when they have opportunity. The 



BIRDS 



123 



observations should be summed up once 
a week. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where did you 
find the nest? On what species of tree? 
Was it near the trunk of the tree or the 
tip of the branch? 

2. What is the shape of the nest? How 
long is it? How wide? Is the opening as 
large as the bottom of the nest? How is 
it hung to the twigs so that the opening 
remains open and does not pull together 
with the weight of the bird at the bottom? 
Is the bottom of the nest stayed to a 
twig or does it hang loose? 

3. With what material and how is the 
nest fastened to the branches? Of what 
material is the outside made? How is it 
woven together? Is it more loosely woven 
at the top than at the bottom? How many 
kinds of material can you find in the out- 
side of the nest? 

4. With what is the nest lined? How 
far up is it lined? With what tool was the 
nest woven? If you put out bright-colored 
bits of ribbon and string do you think 
the orioles will use them? Why should 
you not put out long strings? 

5. At what date did you first see the 
Baltimore oriole? Why is it called the 
Baltimore oriole? How many other names 
has it? Describe in the following way the 
colors of the male oriole: top of head, 
back, wings, tail, throat, breast, under 
parts. What are the colors of his mate? 
How would it endanger the nest and nest- 
lings if the mother bird were as bright 
colored as the father bird? 

6. Which weaves the nest, the father 
or the mother bird? Does the former as- 
sist in any way in nest building? 

7. Where does the father bird stay and 



what does he do while the mother bird 
is sitting on the eggs? 

8. What is the oriole's song? Has he 
more than one song? What other notes 
has he? After the young birds hatch, does 
the father bird help take care of them? 

9. By the middle of June the young 
birds are usually hatched; if you know 
where an oriole nest is hung, listen and 
describe the call of the nestlings for food. 

10. Which parent do the young birds 
resemble in their colors? Why is this a 
benefit? 

11. What is the oriole's food? How is 
the oriole of benefit to us in ways in which 
other birds are not? 

12. Do the orioles use the same nest 
two years in succession? How long does 
the oriole stay in the North? Where does 
it spend its winters? 

Hush/ 'tis he/ 

My oriole, my glance of summer fire, 
Is come at last, and, ever on the watch, 
Twitches the packthread I had lightly 

wound 

About the bough to help his house- 
keeping, 
Twitches and scouts by turns, blessing his 

luck, 

Yet fearing me who laid it in his way, 
Nor, more than wiser we in our affairs, 
Divines the Providence that hides and 

helps. 
Heave, ho! Heave, ho/ he whistles as the 

twine 
Slackens its hold; once more, now/ and a 

flash 

Lightens across the sunlight to the elm 
Where his mate dangles at her cup of felt. 

" UNDER THE WILLOWS/' LOWELL 



ANIMALS 




THE CROW 



Thoreau says: " What a perfectly New 
England sound is this voice of the crow! 
If you stand still anywhere in the out- 
skirts of the town and listen, this is per- 
haps the sound which you will be most 
sure to hear, rising above all sounds of 
human industry and leading your thoughts 
to some far-away bay in the woods. The 
bird sees the white man come and the 
Indian withdraw, but it withdraws not. 
Its untamed voice is still heard above the 
tinkling of the forge. It sees a race pass 
away, but it passes not away. It remains 
to remind us of aboriginal nature/ 7 

The crow is probably the most intelli- 
gent of all our native birds. It is quick to 
learn and clever in action, as many a 
farmer will testify who has tried to keep 
it out of corn fields with various devices, 
the harmless character of which the crow 
soon understood perfectly. Of all our 
birds, this one has the longest list of vir- 
tues and of sins, as judged from our stand- 
point; but we should listen to both sides 
of the case before we pass judgment. I 
find with crows, as with people, that I like 



some more than I do others. I do not like 
at all the cunning old crow which steals 
the suet I put on the trees in winter for 
the chickadees and nuthatches; and I have 
hired a boy with a shotgun to protect the 
eggs and nestlings of the robins and other 
birds in my neighborhood from the rav- 
ages of one or two cruel old crows that 
have developed the nest-hunting habit. 
On the other hand, I became a sincere 
admirer of a crow flock which worked in 
a field close to my country home, and I 
have been the chosen friend of several 
tame crows who were even more inter- 
esting than they were mischievous. 

The crow is larger than any other of 
our common black birds; the northern 
raven is still larger, but is very rarely seen. 
Although the crow's feathers are black, 
yet in the sunlight a beautiful purple iri- 
descence plays over the plumage, espe- 
cially about the neck and back; it has a 
compact but not ungraceful body, and 
long, powerful wings; its tail is medium 
sized and is not notched at the end; its 
feet are long and strong; the track shows 



BIRDS 



three toes directed forward and one long 
one directed backward. The crow does 
not sail through the air as does the hawk, 
but progresses with an almost constant 
flapping of the wings. Its beak is very 
strong and is used for tearing the flesh 
of its prey and for defense, and in fact 
for almost anything that a beak could be 
used for; its eye is all black and is very 
keen and intelligent. When hunting for 
food in the field, it usually walks, but 
sometimes hops. The raven and the fish 
crows are the nearest relatives of the 
American crow, and next to them the jays. 
We should hardly think that the blue jay 
and the crow were related to look at them, 
but when we come to study their habits, 
much is to be found in common. 

The crow's nest is usually very large; it 
is made of sticks, of grape vines and bark, 
sod, horsehair, moss, and grasses. It is 
placed in trees or in tall bushes rarely less 
than twenty feet from the ground. The 
eggs are pale bluish green or nearly white 
with brownish markings. The young crows 
hatch in April or May. Both parents are 
devoted in the care of the young, and 
remain with them during most of the 
summer. I have often seen a mother crow 
feeding her young ones which were fol- 
lowing her with obstreperous caws, al- 
though they were as large as she. 

While the note of the crow is harsh 





Herbert E. Gray 

A crow's nest and eggs 



Young crows are a noisy lot 

when close at hand, it has a musical qual- 
ity in the distance. Mr. Mathews says: 
" The crow when he sings is nothing short 
of a clown; he ruffles his feathers, stretches 
his neck, like a cat with a fish bone in 
her throat, and with a most tremen- 
dous effort delivers a series of hen-like 
squawks." But aside from his caw, the 
crow has some very seductive soft notes. 
I have held long conversations with two 
pet crows, talking with them in a high, 
soft tone, and finding that they answered 
readily in a like tone in a most responsive 
way. I have also heard these same tones 
among the wild crows when they were 
talking together; one note is a guttural 
tremolo, most grotesque. 

Crows gather in flocks for the winter; 
these flocks number from fifty to several 
hundred individuals, all having a common 
roosting place, usually in pine or hemlock 
forests or among other evergreens. They 
go out from these roosts during the day 
to get food, often making a journey of 
many miles. During the nesting season 
they scatter in pairs, and they do not 
gather again in flocks until the young are 
fully grown. 

When crows are feeding in the fields 
there is usually, if not always, a sentinel 
posted on some high point so that he can 
give warning of danger. This sentinel is 



126 



ANIMALS 





Verne Morton 

The story of a take-off. With the third wing 
beat the crow is away 

an experienced bird and is keen to detect 
a dangerous from a harmless intruder. I 
once made many experiments with these 
sentinels; I finally became known to those 
of a particular flock and I was allowed 
to approach within a few yards of where 
the birds were feeding, a privilege not ac- 
corded to any other person in the neigh- 
borhood. 

The crow is a general feeder and will 
eat almost any food; generally, however, 
it finds its food upon the ground. The 
food given to nestlings is very largely in- 
sects, and many pests are thus destroyed. 
The crows do harm to the farmer by pull- 
ing the sprouting com and by destroying 
the eggs and young of poultry. They also 
do much harm by destroying the eggs and 
nestlings of other birds which are bene- 
ficial to the farmer; they also do some 
harm by distributing the seeds of poison 
ivy and other noxious plants. All these 
must be set down in the account against 
the crow, but on the credit side must be 
placed the fact that it does a tremendous 
amount of good work for the farmer by 
eating injurious insects, especially the 
grubs and cutworms which work in the 
ground, destroying the roots of grasses 



and grains. It also kills many mice and 
other rodents which are destructive to 
crops. 

One of the best methods of preventing 
crows from taking sprouting com is to 
treat the seed corn with some strong- 
smelling substance, such as tar. 

If any of the pupils in your school have 
had any experience with tame crows they 
will relate interesting examples of the 
love of the crow for glittering objects. 
I once knew a tame crow which stole all 
of the thimbles in the house and buried 
them in the garden; he would watch 
for a thimble to be laid aside when the 
sewing was dropped, and would seize it 
almost immediately. This same crow per- 
sisted in taking the clothespins off the 
line and burying them, so that he was 
finally imprisoned on wash-clays. He was 
fond of playing marbles with a little boy 
of the family. The boy would shoot a 
marble into a hole and then Billy, the 
crow, would take a marble in his beak 
and drop it into the hole. The bird seemed 
to understand the game and was highly 
indignant if the boy played out of turn 
and made shots twice in succession. 

SUGGESTED READING Audubon Bird 
Leaflet 77; Bird Stories, by Edith M. 
Patch; Bird Stories from Burroughs, by 
John Burroughs; The Crow in its Relation 
to Agriculture, by E. R. Kalmbach (U. S. 
Department of Agriculture, Farmers' Bul- 
letin 1102); Our Baclcdoor Neighbors, by 
Frank C. Pellett; The Pet Boole, by Anna 
B. Comstock; The Stir of Nature, by 
William H. Carr (Cleo and Mark); 
Wild Animals I Have Known, by Er- 
nest Thompson Seton; also, readings on 
pages 28-29. 

LESSON 32 
THE CROW 

LEADING THOUGHT The crow has the 
keenest intelligence of all our common 
birds. It does good work for us and also 
does damage. We should study its ways 
before we pronounce judgment, for in 
some localities it may be a true friend and 
in others an enemy. 

METHOD This work should begin in 
winter with an effort on the part of the 



BIRDS 



127 



boys to discover the food of the crows 
while snow is on the ground. This is a 
good time to study their habits and their 
roosts. The nests are also often seen in 
winter, although usually built in ever- 
greens. The nesting season is in early 
April, and the questions about the nests 
should be given then. Let the other ques- 
tions be given when convenient. The 
flight, the notes, the sentinels, the food, 
the benefit and damage may all be taken 
as separate topics. 

The following topics may be given to 
correlate with work in English: "What 
a pet crow of my acquaintance did "; 
" Evidences of crow intelligence "; " A 
plea a crow might make in self-defense to 
the farmer who wished to shoot him "; 
" The best methods of preventing crows 
from stealing planted corn." 

OBSERVATIONS i. How large is the 
crow compared with other black birds? 

2. Describe its colors when seen in the 
sunlight. 

3. Describe the general shape of the 
crow. 

4. Are its wings long and slender or 
short and stout? 

5. Is the tail long or short? Is it notched 
or straight across the end? 

6. Describe the crow's feet. Are they 
large and strong or slender? How many 
toes does the track show in the snow or 
mud? How many are directed forward and 
how many backward? 



7. Describe a crow's flight compared 
with that of the hawk. 

8. Describe its beak and what it is used 
for. 

9. What is the color of the crow's eye? 

10. When hunting for food does the 
crow hop or walk? 

11. Which are the crow's nearest rela- 
tives? 

12. Where and of what material do 
the crows build their nests? 

13. Describe the eggs. At what time of 
the year do the young crows hatch? Do 
both parents take care of and feed the 
young? How long do the parents care for 
the young after they leave the nest? 

14. What are the notes of the crow? If 
you have heard one give any note besides 
" caw," describe it. 

15. Where and how do crows live in 
winter? Where do they live in summer? 

16. Do they post sentinels if they are 
feeding in the fields? If so, describe the ac- 
tion of the sentinel on the approach of 
people. 

17. Upon what do the crows feed? 
What is fed to the nestlings? 

18. How do the crows work injury to 
the farmer? How do they benefit the 
farmer? Do you think they do more bene- 
fit than harm to the farmer and fruit- 
grower? 

19. Have you known of instances of 
the crow's fondness for shining or glitter- 
ing articles, like pieces of crockery or tin? 



THE CARDINAL GROSBEAK 



There never lived a Lord Cardinal who 
possessed robes of state more brilliant in 
color than the plumage of this bird. By 
the way, I wonder how many of us ever 
think when we see the peculiar red called 
cardinal, that it gained its name from the 
dress of this high functionary of the 
church? The cardinal grosbeak is the best 
name for the redbird because that de- 
scribes it exactly, both as to its color and 
its chief characteristic, since its beak is 
thick and large; the beak is also red, which 
is a rare color in beaks, and in order to 



make its redness more emphatic it is set 
in a frame of black feathers. The use of 
such a large beak is unmistakable, for it 
is strong enough to crush the hardest of 
seed shells or to crack the hardest and dri- 
est of grains. 

What cheer/ What cheer! 

That is the grosbeak's way, 

With his sooty face and his coat of red 

sings Maurice Thompson. Besides the 
name given above, this bird has been 



128 



ANIMALS 




After Audubon Leaflet 18 

The cardinal grosbeak 

called in different localities the redbird, 
Virginia redbird, crested redbird, winter 
redbird, Virginia nightingale, the red 
corn-cracker; but it remained for James 
Lane Allen to give it another name in his 
masterpiece, The Kentucky Cardinal. 

The cardinal is a trifle smaller than the 
robin and is by no means slim and grace- 
ful, like the catbird or the scarlet tanager, 
but is quite stout and is a veritable chunk 
of brilliant color and bird dignity. The 
only bird that rivals him in redness is the 
scarlet tanager, which has black wings; the 
summer tanager is also a red bird, but is 
not so vermilion and is more slender and 
lacks the crest. The cardinal surely finds 
his crest useful in expressing his emotions; 
when all is serene, it lies back flat on the 
head, but with any excitement, whether 
of joy or surprise or anger, it lifts until it 
is as peaked as an old-fashioned nightcap. 
The cardinal's mate is of quiet color; her 
back is greenish gray and her breast buffy, 
while her crest, wings, and tail reflect in 
faint ways the brilliancy of his costume. 

The redbird's song is a stirring succes- 
sion of syllables uttered in a rich, ringing 
tone, and may be translated in a variety of 
ways. I have heard him sing a thousand 
times " tor-re'-do, tor-re'-do, tor-re'-do/' 
but Dr. Dawson has heard him sing " che'- 



pew, che'-pew, we'-woo, we'-woo "; 
" bird-ie, bird-ie, bird-ie; tschew, tschew, 
tschew "; and " chit-e-kew, chit-e-kew; he- 
weet, he-weet." His mate breaks the cus- 
tom of other birds of her sex and sings a 
sweet song, somewhat softer than his. 
Both birds utter a sharp note " tsip, tsip." 
The nest is built in bushes, vines, or low 
trees, often in holly, laurel, or other low 
evergreens, and is rarely more than six or 
eight feet above the ground. It is made of 
twigs, weed stems, tendrils, the bark of the 
grapevine, and coarse grass; it is lined with 
fine grass and rootlets; it is rather loosely 
constructed but firm and is well hidden, 
for it causes these birds great anguish to 
have their nest discovered. Three or four 
eggs are laid, which are bluish white or 
grayish, dully marked with brown. The 
father cardinal is an exemplary husband 
and father; he cares for and feeds his mate 
tenderly and sings to her gloriously while 
she is sitting; and he works hard catching 
insects for the nestlings. He is also a brave 
defender of his nest and will attack any 
intruder, however large, with undaunted 
courage. The fledglings have the dull color 
of the mother and have dark-colored bills. 
Until the young birds are able to take care 
of themselves, their dull color somewhat 
protects them from the keen eyes of their 
enemies. If the male fledglings were the 
color of their father, probably not one 
would escape a tragic death. While the 
mother bird is hatching the second 




Leonard K. Beyer 

The cardinal builds its nest in thick bushes or 
vines 



BIRDS 



brood, the father keeps the first brood 
with him and cares for them; often 
the whole family remains together during 
the winter, making a small flock. How- 
ever, the flocking habit is not characteris- 
tic of these birds, and we only see them in 
considerable numbers when the exigencies 
of seeking food in the winter naturally 
bring them together. 

The cardinals are fond of the shrubbery 
and thickets of river bottoms near grain 
fields, or where there is plenty of wild 
grass, and they only visit our premises 
when driven to us by winter hunger. Their 
food consists of the seeds of rank weeds, 
corn, wheat, rye, oats, beetles, grasshop- 
pers, flies, and to some extent, wild and 
garden berries; but they never occur in 
sufficient numbers to be a menace to our 
crops. The cardinals may often be seen in 
the cornfields after the harvest, and will 
husk an overlooked ear of corn and crack 
the kernels with their beaks in a most 
dexterous manner. During the winter we 
may coax them to our grounds by scatter- 
ing corn in some place not frequented by 
cats; thus, we may induce them to nest 
near us, since the cardinal is not naturally 
a migrant but likes to stay in one locality 
summer and winter. It has been known to 
come as far north as Boston and southern 
New York, but it is found in greatest 
numbers in our Southern states. 

SUGGESTED READING Audubon Bird 
Leaflet 18; also, readings on pages 28-29. 

LESSON 33 
THE CARDINAL GROSBEAK 

LEADING THOUGHT The cardinal is 
the most brilliantly colored of all our 
birds, and one of our most cheerful sing- 
ers. We should seek to preserve it as a 
beautiful ornament to our groves and 
grounds. 

METHOD This work must be done 
by personal observation in the field. The 
field notes should be discussed in school. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Do you know the 
cardinal? Why is it so called? 

2. How many names do you know for 
this bird? 




Leonard "K. Beyer 

The cardinal sings a beautiful song 

3. Is the cardinal as large as the robin? 
Is it graceful in shape? 

4. Is there any color except red upon it? 
If so ? where? 

5. What other vividly red birds have 
we and how can we distinguish them from 
the cardinal? 

6. Describe the cardinal's crest and how 
it looks when lifted. Why do you think it 
lifts it? 

7. Describe its beak as to color, shape, 
and size. What work is such a heavy beak 
made for? 

8. Is the cardinal's mate the same color 
as he? Describe the color of her head, 
back, wings, tail, breast, 

9. Can you imitate the cardinal's song? 
What words do you think he seems to 
sing? Does his mate sing also? Is it usual 
for mother birds to sing? What other 
notes besides songs do you hear him utter? 

10. Where does the cardinal usually 
build its nest? How high from the 
ground? Of what materials? Is it compact 
or bulky? How many eggs are there and 
what are their colors? 

11. How does the father bird act while 
his mate is brooding? How does he help 
take care of the young in the nest? 

12. How do the fledglings differ in color 
from their father? From their mother? Of 
what use to the young birds is their sober 
color? 



130 



ANIMALS 



13. What happens to the fledglings of 
the first brood while the mother is hatch- 
ing the eggs of the second brood? 

14. In what localities do you most often 
see the cardinals? Do you ever see them in 
flocks? 

15. What is the food of the cardinals? 
What do they feed their nestlings? 

16. Flow can you induce the cardinals 
to build near your home? 



17. What do you know about the laws 
protecting birds? Why should such laws 
be observed? 

Along the dust-white river road. 
The saucy redbird chirps and trills; 
His liquid notes resound and rise 
Until they meet the cloudless skies, 
And echo o'er the distant hills. 

NAYLOR 



GEESE 



To be called a goose should be con- 
sidered most complimentary, for of all the 
birds the goose is probably the most intel- 
ligent. An observant lady who keeps geese 
on her farm assures me that no animal, not 
even dog or horse, has the intelligence of 
the goose. She says that these birds learn 
a lesson after a few repetitions, and surely 




Canada geese in a field of grain 



her geese were patterns of obedience. 
While I was watching them one morning, 
they started for the brook via the corn- 
field; she called to them sharply, " No, no, 
you mustn't go that way! " They stopped 
and conferred; she spoke again and they 
waited, looking at her as if to make up 
their minds to this exercise of self-sacrifice; 
but when she spoke the third time they 
left the cornfield and took the other 
path to the brook. She could bring her 



geese into their house at any time of day 
by calling to them, " Home, home! " As 
soon as they heard these words, they 
would start and not stop until the last one 
was housed. 

In ancient Greece maidens made pets of 
geese; and often there was such a devotion 
between the bird and the girl that when 
the latter died her statue with that of the 
goose was carved on her burial tablet. The 
loyalty of a pet goose came under the ob- 
servation of Miss Ada Georgia. A lone 
gander was the special pet of a small boy 
in Elmira, New York, who took sole care 
of him. The bird obeyed commands like 
a dog but would never let his little master 
out of his sight if he could avoid it; occa- 
sionally he would appear in the school 
yard, where the pupils would tease him 
by pretending to attack his master at the 
risk of being so severely whipped with 
the bird's wings that it was a test of 
bravery among the boys so to challenge 
him. His fidelity to his master was ex- 
treme; once when the boy was ill in bed, 
the bird wandered about the yard honking 
disconsolately and refused to eat; he was 
driven to the side of the house where his 
master could look from the window and 
he immediately cheered up, took his food, 
and refused to leave his post beneath the 
window while the illness lasted. 

The goose is a stately bird whether on 
land or water; its long legs give it good pro- 
portions when walking, and the neck, be- 
ing so much longer than that of the duck, 
gives an appearance of grace and dignity. 
The duck on the other hand is beautiful 



BIRDS 131 

only when on the water or on the wing; ciple of a propeller; but when swimming 

its short legs, placed far back and far out at around in the pond she uses them at al- 

the sides, make it a most ungraceful most right angles to the body. Although 

walker. The beak of the goose is harder in they are such excellent oars they are also 

texture and is not flat like the duck's; no efficient on land; when running, her body 

wonder the bird was a favorite with the an- may waddle somewhat, but her head and 

cient Greeks, for the high ridge from the neck are held aloft in stately dignity, 

beak to the forehead resembles the fa- The Toulouse are our common gray 

mous Grecian nose. The plumage of geese geese; the Embdens are pure white with 



orange bill and bright blue eyes. The Afri- 
can geese have a black head with a large 
black knob on the base of the black bill; 



is very beautiful and abundant and for 
this reason they are profitable domestic 

birds. They are picked late in summer 7 

when the feathers are nearly ready to be the neck is long, snakelike, light gray, with' 

molted; at this time the geese flap their a dark stripe down the back; the wings and 

wings often and set showers of loose feath- tail are dark gray; there is a dewlap at the 

ers flying. A stocking or a bag is slipped throat. The brown Chinese geese have 

s^fm*- J-~U ^ "U.J_,J'T 1 1 _1 . i i 11 11 i f 11 it -. - 



over the bird's head and she is turned 
breast side up with her head firmly be- 
tween the knees or under the arm of the 
picker. The tips of the feathers are seized 
with the fingers and come out easily; only 
the breast, the under parts, and the feath- 



also a black beak and a black knob at the 
base of the bill. The neck is light brown 
with a dull yellowish stripe down the 
neck. The back is dark brown; breast, 
wings, and tail are grayish brown. The 
white Chinese are shaped like the brown 



ers beneath the wings are plucked. Geese Chinese, but the knob and bill are orange 
do not seem to suffer while being plucked and the eyes light blue, 
except through the temporary inconven- 



ience and ignominy of having their heads 
thrust into a bag; their dignity is hurt 
more than their bodies. 

The wings of geese are very large and 
beautiful; although our domestic geese 
have lost their powers of flight to a great 
extent, yet they often stretch their wings 
and take little flying hops, teetering along 
as if they can scarcely keep on earth; this 
must surely be reminiscent of the old in- 
stinct for traveling in the skies. The tail 
of the goose is a half circle and is spread 
when flying; although it is short, it seems 
to be sufficiently long to act as a rudder. 
The legs of the goose are much longer 
than those of the duck; they are not set so 
far back toward the rear of the body, and 
therefore the goose is the much better 
runner of the two. The track made by the 
goose's foot is a triangle with two scallops 
on one side made by the webs between the 
three front toes; the hind toe is placed 
high up; the foot and the unfeathered por- 
tion of the leg, protected by scales, are 
used as oars when the bird is swimming. 
When she swims forward rapidly, her feet 
extend out behind her and act on the prin- 



THE HABITS OF GEESE 

Geese are monogamous and are loyal 
to their mates. Old-fashioned people de- 
clare that they choose their mates on Saint 
Valentine's Day, but this is a pretty myth; 
when once mated, the pair live together 
year after year until one dies; an interest- 
ing instance of this is one of the traditions 
in my own family. A fine pair of geese 
belonging to my pioneer grandfather had 
been mated for several years and had 
reared handsome families; but one spring 
a conceited young gander fell in love with 
the old goose, and as he was young and 
lusty, he whipped her legitimate lord and 
master and triumphantly carried her away, 
although she was manifestly disgusted 
with this change in her domestic fortunes. 
The old gander sulked and refused to be 
comforted by the blandishments of any 
young goose whatever. Later the old pair 
disappeared from the farmyard and the 
upstart gander was left wifeless. It was in- 
ferred that the old couple had run away 
with each other into the encompassing 
wilderness and much sympathy was felt 
for them because of this sacrifice of their 



132 



ANIMALS 



lives for loyalty. However, this was mis- 
placed sentiment, for later in the summer 
the happy pair was discovered in a distant 
" slashing " with a fine family of goslings, 
and all were brought home in triumph. 
The old gander, while not able to cope 
with his rival, was still able to trounce 
any of the animal marauders which ap- 
proached his home and family. 

The goose lines her nest with down and 
the soft feathers which she plucks from her 
breast. The gander is very devoted to his 
goose while she is sitting; he talks to her 
in gentle tones and is fierce in her defense. 
The eggs are about twice as large as those 
of the hen and have the ends more 




A. A. Allen 



A pair of Canada geese. While one broods the 
eggs the other stands guard 

rounded. The period of incubation is four 
weeks. The goslings are beautiful little 
creatures, covered with soft down, and 
have large, bright eyes. The parents give 
them most careful attention from the first. 
One family which I studied consisted of 
the parents and eighteen goslings. The 
mother was a splendid African bird; she 
walked with dignified step, her graceful 
neck assuming serpentine curves; and she 
always carried her beak "lifted/' which 
gave her an appearance of majestic haugh- 
tiness. The father was just a plebeian 
white gander, probably of Embden de- 
scent, but he was a most efficient pro- 
tector. The family always formed a proces- 
sion in going to the creek, the majestic 
mother at .the head, the goslings following 
her and the gander bringing up the rear to 



be sure there were no stragglers; if a gos- 
ling strayed away or fell behind, the male 
went after it, pushing it back into the 
family circle. When entering the coop at 
night he pushed the little ones in gently 
with his bill; when the goslings took their 
first swim, both parents gently pushed 
them into the water, " rooted them in," 
as the farmer said. Any attempt to take 
liberties with the brood was met with 
bristling anger and defiance on the part of 
the gander; the mistress of the farm told 
me that he had whipped her black and 
blue when she tried to interfere with the 
goslings. 

The gander and goose always show sus- 
picion and resentment by opening the 
mouth wide and making a hissing noise, 
showing the whole round tongue in 
mocking defiance. When the gander at- 
tacks, he thrusts his head forward, even 
with or below the level of his back, seizes 
his victim firmly with his hard, toothed 
bill so that it cannot get away, and then 
with his strong wings beats the life out of 
it. I remember vividly a whipping which a 
gander gave me when I was a child, hold- 
ing me fast by the blouse while he laid on 
the blows. 

Geese feed much more largely upon 
land vegetation than do ducks; a good 
growth of clover and grass makes excellent 
pasture for them; in the water, they feed 
upon water plants but do not eat insects 
and animals to any extent. 

Undoubtedly goose language is varied 
and expresses many things. Geese talk to 
each other and call from afar; they shriek 
in warning and in general make such a 
turmoil that people do not enjoy it. The 
goslings, even when almost grown, keep 
up a constant " pee wee, pee wee," which 
is nerve-racking. There is a good oppor- 
tunity for some interesting investigations 
in studying out just what the different 
notes of the geese mean. 

The goose is very particular about her 
toilet; she cleans her breast and back and 
beneath her wings with her bill; and she 
cleans her bill with her foot; she also 
cleans the top of her head with her foot 
and the under side of her wing with the 



foot of that side. When oiling her feath- 
ers, she starts the oil gland flowing with 
her beak, then rubs her head over the 
gland until it is well oiled; she then uses 
her head as a " dauber " to apply the oil 



BIRDS 133 

to the feathers of her back and breast. 
When thus polishing her feathers, she 
twists the head over and over and back and 
forth to add to its efficiency. 




The Jack Miner Migratory Bird Foundation, Inc. 

One corner of Jack Miner's Bird Sanctuary, Kingsville, Ontario, Canada, where Canada 

geese find food, shelter } and protection 

WILD GEESE 



There is a sound, that, to the weather- 
wise farmer, means cold and snow, even 
though it is heard through the hazy atmos- 
phere of an Indian summer day; and that 
is the honking of wild geese as they pass 
on their southward journey. And there is' 
not a more interesting sight anywhere in 
the autumn landscape than the wedge- 
shaped flock of these long-necked birds 
with their leader at the front apex. " The 
wild goose trails his harrow/' sings the 
poet; but only the aged can remember 
the old-fashioned harrow which makes this 
simile graphic. The honking which reveals 
to us the passing flock, before our eyes can 
discern the birds against the sky, is the 



call of the wise old gander who is the 
leader, to those following him, and their 
return salute. He knows the way on this 
long thousand-mile journey, and knows it 
by instinct and in part by the topography 
of the country. If ever fog or storm hides 
the earth from his view, he is likely to be- 
come confused, to the dismay of his flock, 
which follows him to the earth with many 
lonely and distressful cries. 

The northern migration takes place in 
April and May, and the southern from 
October to December. The journey is 
made with stops for rest and refreshment 
at certain selected places, usually some se- 
cluded pond or lake. The food of wild 



ANIMALS 



geese consists of water plants, seeds and 
corn, and some of the smaller animals liv- 
ing in water. Although the geese come to 
rest on the water, they go to the shore to 
feed. In California, the wild geese are 
dreaded visitors of the cornfields, and men 
with guns are employed regularly to keep 
them off. 

The nests are made of sticks lined with 
down, usually along the shores of streams, 
sometimes on tree stumps and sometimes 
in deserted nests of the osprey. There are 




A. R. Dugmore 

Wild geese flying in even ranks 

only four or five eggs laid and both parents 
are devoted to the young, the gander 
bravely defending his nest and family 
from the attacks of any enemies. 

Although there are several species of 
wild geese on the Atlantic Coast, the one 
called by this name is usually the Canada 
goose. This bird is a superb creature, 
brown above and gray beneath, with head, 
neck, tail, bill, and feet of black. These 
black trimmings are highly ornamental 
and, as if to emphasize them, there is a 
white crescent-shaped " bib " extending 
from just back of the eyes underneath the 
head. This white patch is very striking, 
and gives one the impression of a bandage 
for sore throat. It is regarded as a call- 
color, and is supposed to help keep the 
flock together; the side tail-coverts are also 
white and may serve as another guide to 
follow. 



Often some wounded or wearied bird 
of the migrating flock spends the winter 
in farmyards with domestic geese. One 
morning a neighbor of mine found that 
during the night a wild gander, injured 
in some way, had joined his flock. The 
stranger was treated with much courtesy 
by its new companions as well as by the 
farmer's family and soon seemed per- 
fectly at home. The next spring he mated 
with one of the domestic geese. In the late 
summer, my neighbor, mindful of wild 
geese habits, clipped the wings of the gan- 
der so that he would be unable to join any 
passing flock of his wild relatives. As the 
migrating season approached, the gander 
became very uneasy; not only was he un- 
easy and unhappy always but he insisted 
that his wife share his misery of unrest. 
He spent days in earnest remonstrance 
with her and, lifting himself by his 
cropped wings to the top of the barnyard 
fence, he insisted that she keep him com- 
pany on this, for webbed feet, uneasy rest- 
ing place. Finally, after many days of 
tribulation, the two valiantly started south 
on foot. News was received of their prog- 
ress for some distance and then they were 
lost to us. During the winter our neighbor 
visited a friend living eighteen miles to the 
southward and found in his barnyard the 
errant pair. They had become tired of mi- 
grating by tramping and had joined the 
farmer's flock; but we were never able to 
determine the length of time required for 
this journey. 

SUGGESTED READING Audubon Bird 
Leaflet 106; Birds in the Wilderness, by 
George M. Sutton; Farm Animals, by 
James G. Lawson; Nature and Science 
Readers, by Edith M. Patch and Harrison 
E. Howe, Book 2, Outdoor Visits, Book 3, 
Surprises; The Pet Boot, by Anna B. 
Comstock; also, readings on pages 28-29. 

LESSON 34 
GEESE 

LEADING THOUGHT Geese are the 
most intelligent of the domesticated birds, 
and they have many interesting habits. 

METHOD This lesson should not be 



BIRDS 



given unless there are geese where the 
pupils may observe them. The questions 
should be given a few at a time and an- 
swered individually by the pupils after the 
observations are made. 

OBSERVATIONS i. What is the chief 
difference between the appearance of a 
goose and a duck? How does the beak of 
the goose differ from that of the duck in 
shape and in texture? Describe the nostrils 
and their situation. 

2. What is the difference in shape be- 
tween the neck of the goose and that of 
the duck? 

3. What can you say about the plum- 
age of geese? How are geese " picked "? 
At what time of year? From what parts 
of the body are the feathers plucked? 

4. Are the wings of the goose large com- 
pared with the body? How do geese exer- 
cise their wings? Describe the tail of the 
goose and how it is used. 

5. How do the legs and feet of the 
goose differ from those of the duck? De- 
scribe the goose's foot. How many toes are 
webbed? Where is the other toe? What is 
the shape of the track made by the goose's 
foot? Which portions of the legs are used 
for oars? When the goose is swimming 
forward where are her feet? When turning 
around how does she use them? Does the 
goose waddle when walking or running as 
a duck does? Why? Does a goose toe in 
when walking? Why? 

6. Describe the shape and color of the 
following breeds of domestic geese: The 
Toulouse, the Embden, the African, and 
the Chinese. 



HABITS OF GEESE 



1. What is the chief food of geese? 
What do they find in the water to eat? 
How does their food differ from that of 
ducks? 

2. How do geese differ from hens in the 
matter of mating and nesting? At what 
time of year do geese mate? Does a pair 
usually remain mated for life? 

3. Describe the nest and compare the 
eggs with those of hens. Describe the 
young goslings in general appearance. 
With what are they covered? What care 
do the parents give to their goslings? De- 
scribe how the parents take their family 
afield. How do they induce their goslings 
to go into the water for the first time? How 
do they protect them from enemies? 

4. How does the gander or goose fight? 
What are the chief weapons? How is the 
head held when the attack is made? 

5. How does the goose clean her feath- 
ers, wings, and feet? How does she oil her 
feathers? Where does she get the oil and 
with what does she apply it? 

6. How much of goose language do you 
understand? What is the note of alarm? 
How are defiance and distrust expressed? 
How does a goose look when hissing? 
What is the constant note which the gos- 
ling makes? 

7. Give such instances as you may know 
illustrating the intelligence of geese, their 
loyalty and bravery. 

8. " The Canada Goose, its appearance, 
nesting habits, and migrations," would be 
an interesting topic for discussion. 



GAME BIRDS 



1. RING-NECKED PHEASANTS. These birds, 
native to China, have been introduced into many 
other parts of the world. They were first brought 
to the United States in 1881 and since then have 
become common in many of the states. The 
cock is handsome and brightly colored, the hen 
an inconspicuous brown. These pheasants are 
found in fields and in hedgerows or brush- 
covered areas rather than in forested sections. 
They feed chiefly on the ground, eating weed 
seeds, insects, ungarnered grain, and wild or 
waste fruit. In winter, whenever the ground is 
covered with crusted snow or ice, it is hard for 
them to get food and many of them starve unless 
man feeds them. Another difficulty of theirs in 
winter is that their long tail feathers get loaded 
with snow and ice, which keeps them from going 
about after food and even from seeking shelter. 
(Photo by courtesy of Country Life in America) 

2. WILD TURKEY. This game bird was once 
common from New England southward and 
west to the Rocky Mountains. It has been 
exterminated in the North, but it is still found 
locally in the South and West. Because the 
wild turkey thrives upon a variety of foods 
and because it can adapt itself to varied con- 
ditions of climate, it is again being introduced 
in many sections of the country. (Photo by 
L. W. Brownell) 

3. NEST OF THE RUFFED GROUSE. The ruffed 
grouse, a much prized game bird, is native 
to the eastern and central United States. It 
is a very hardy bird, being able to withstand 
extreme cold, and to live on the buds and twigs 
of trees when insects, berries, and seeds are 
not available. In winter ruffed grouse take 
shelter at night in a "pocket" of snow or be- 
neath brush; in summer they usually roost in 
trees. In appearance this bird is not unlike the 
dusky grouse (No. 5), (Photo by Marjorie 
Ruth Ross) 



4. EASTERN BOB WHITE or QUAIL. Found 
in the eastern United States, except penin- 
sular Florida, and as far west as Colorado, 
except New Mexico and southern Texas, bob- 
white or quail are permanent residents. They 
like open fields with brushy fence-corners or 
low bushes near at hand for protection from 
storm and enemies. The pretty song is often 
translated bob-white or buck-wheat. The nest 
is made upon the ground under a bunch of 
grass or some bush, and in it are laid ten to 
eighteen white eggs. The family or covey will 
remain together until spring, and at night 
will squat close together in a circle with tails 
together and heads out ready to scatter in all 
directions at the slightest indication of dan- 
ger. In winter when quail are in this forma- 
tion, they may be covered with snow; and 
if a crust of sleet or ice which they are unable 
to break should form, the entire covey may 
smother or starve. (Photo by L. W. Brownell) 

5. DUSKY GROUSE. A relative of the ruffed 
grouse, this species is found in the Rocky 
Mountain regions of the United States and 
Canada. (Photo by L. W. Brownell) 

6. A WOODCOCK ON ITS NEST. Except in 
the Far West the woodcock is found wide- 
spread over the United States. It winters in 
the South. It lives largely on earthworms and 
grubs for which it probes moist soft earth 
with a long, sensitive bill. The courtship song- 
flights of the male are unique: with a call to 
his mate he rises into the air; by a series of 
loops he flies higher and higher until from a 
height of about two hundred feet he drops 
suddenly to a place on the ground very near 
where he started. The young quickly learn 
to fly, but until they do they are frequently 
carried from place to place by their mother 
who holds them between her legs with her feet. 
(Photo by Olin Sewall Pettingill, Jr.) 



ANIMALS 




The beginning of \the strut. These gobblers are strutting before the camera, hidden ^ by brush, 
in an endeavor to attract the hen turkey whose mating call the camera man is imitating 



THE TURKEY 



That the turkey and not the eagle 
should have been chosen for our national 
bird, was the conviction of Benjamin 
Franklin. It is a native of our country, it 
is beautiful as to plumage, and like the 
American Indian, it has never yielded en- 
tirely to the influences of civilization. 
Through the hundreds of years of domes- 
tication it still retains many of its wild 
habits. In fact, it has many qualities in 
common with the red man. Take for in- 
stance its sun dance, which anyone who 
is willing to get up early enough in the 
morning and who has a flock of turkeys 
at hand can witness. Miss Ada Georgia 
made a pilgrimage to witness this dance 
and describes it thus: "While the 
dawn was still faint and gray, the long 
row of birds on the ridge-pole stood up, 
stretched legs and wings and flew down 
into the orchard beside the barnyard and 
began a curious, high-stepping, * flip-flop ' 
dance on the frosty grass. It consisted of 



little, awkward, up-and-down jumps, var- 
ied by forward springs of about a foot, 
with lifted wings. Both hens and males 
danced, the latter alternately strutting and 
hopping and all ' singing/ the hens calling 
a ' Quit, quit/ the males accompanying 
with a high-keyed rattle, sounding like a 
hard wood stick drawn rapidly along a 
picket fence. As the sun came up and the 
sky brightened, the exhibition ended sud- 
denly when ' The Captain/ a great thirty 
pound gobbler and leader of the flock, 
made a rush at one of his younger breth- 
ren who had dared to be spreading a tail 
too near to his majesty/' 

The bronze breed resembles most 
closely our native wild turkey and is there- 
fore chosen for this lesson. The colors and 
markings of the plumage form the bronze 
turkey's chief beauty. Reaching from the 
skin of the neck halfway to the middle of 
the back is a collar of glittering bronze 
with greenish and purple iridescence, each 



139 



BIRDS 

feather tipped with a narrow jet band, the four. On the inner side of the gob- 
The remainder of the back is black except bier's legs, about one-third the bare space 
that each feather is edged with bronze. above the foot, is a wicked-looking spur 
The breast is like the collar and at its which is a most effective weapon. The 
center is a tassel of black bristles called wings are large and powerful; the turkey 
the beard which hangs limply downward flies well for such a large bird and usually 
when the birds are feeding; but when the roosts high, choosing trees or the ridge- 
gobbler stiffens his muscles to strut, this " " " * " 



pole of the bam for this purpose. 

In many ways the turkeys are not more 
than half domesticated. They insistently 
prefer to spend their nights out of doors 
instead of under a roof. They are also 
great wanderers and thrive best when al- 
lowed to forage in the fields and woods for 
a part of their food. 

The gobbler is the most vainglorious 
bird known to us; when he struts to show 
his flock of admiring hens how beautiful 
he is, he lowers his wings and spreads the 

of the hen are like those of the gobbler stiff primary quills until their tips scrape 
except that the bronze brilliance of breast, the ground, lifting meanwhile into a semi- 



beard is thrust proudly forth. Occasionally 
the hen turkeys have a beard. The long 
quills, or primaries, of the wings are barred 
across with bands of black and white; 
the secondaries are very dark, luminous 
brown, with narrower bars of white. Each 
feather of the fan-shaped tail is banded 
with black and brown and ends with a 
black bar tipped with white; the tail-cov- 
erts are lighter brown but also have the 
black margin edged with white. The colors 



neck, and wings is dimmed by the faint 
line of white which tips each feather. 

The heads of all are covered with a 
warty wrinkled skin, bluish white on the 
crown, grayish blue about the eyes, and 
the other parts are red. Beneath the throat 
is a hanging fold called the wattle, and 
above the beak a fleshy pointed knob 
called the caruncle, which on the gobbler 
is prolonged so that it hangs over and be- 
low the beak. When the bird is angry 
these carunculated parts swell and grow 
more vivid in color, seeming to be gorged 
with blood. The color of the skin about 
the head is more extensive and brilliant in 
the gobblers than in the hens. The beak is 
slightly curved, short, stout, and sharp- 
pointed, yellowish at the tip and dark at 
the base. 

The eyes are bright, dark hazel with a 
thin red line of iris. Just back of the eye is 
the opening of the ear, seemingly a mere 
hole, yet leading to a very efficient ear, 
upon which every smallest sound im- 
pinges. 

The legs of the young turkeys are nearly 
black, fading to a brownish gray when ma- 
ture. The legs and feet are large and stout, 
the middle toe of the three front ones be- 
ing nearly twice the length of the one on 
either side; the hind toe is the shortest of 



circular fan his beautiful tail feathers; he 
protrudes his chest, and raises the irides- 
cent plumage of his neck like a ruff to 
make a background against which he 
throws back his red, white, and blue deco- 
rated head. He moves forward with slow 
and mincing steps and calls attention to 
his grandeur by a series of most aggressive 
" gobbles/ 7 But we must say for the gob- 
bler that although he is vain he is also a 
brave fighter. When beginning a fight he 
advances with wings lowered and sidewise 
as if guarding his body with the spread 
wing. The neck and the sharp beak are 
outstretched and he makes the attack 
so suddenly that it is impossible to see 
whether he strikes with both wing and 
beak or only with the latter, as with fury 
he pounces upon his adversary apparently 
striving to rip his neck open with his spurs. 
Turkey hens usually begin to lay in 
April in this latitude (southern New 
York) and much earlier in more southern 
states. At nesting time each turkey hen 
strays off alone, seeking the most secluded 
spot she can find to lay the large, oval, 
brown-speckled eggs. Silent and sly, she 
slips away to the place daily, by the most 
roundabout ways, and never moving in 
the direction of the nest when she thinks 
herself observed. Sometimes the sight of 



140 

any person near her nest will cause her to 
desert it. The writer has spent many hours 
when a child, sneaking in fence comers 
and behind stumps and tree trunks, stalk- 
ing turkeys' nests. Incubation takes four 
weeks. The female is a most persistent sit- 
ter and care should be taken to see that 
she gets a good supply of food and water 
at this time. Good sound corn or wheat is 
the best food for her at this period. When 
sitting she is very cross and will fight most 
courageously when molested on her nest. 

Turkey nestlings are rather large, with 
long, bare legs and scrawny, thin necks; 
they are very delicate during the first 
six weeks of their lives. Their call is a 
plaintive " peep, weep/' and when a little 
turkey feels lost its cry is expressive of 
great fear and misery. But if the mother 
is freely ranging she does not seem to be 
much affected by the needs of her brood; 
she will fight savagely for them if they are 
near her, but if they stray, and they usually 
do, she does not seem to miss or hunt for 
them, but strides serenely on her way, 
keeping up a constant crooning "kr-rit, 
kr-rit," to encourage them to follow. As a 
consequence, the chicks are lost, or get 
draggled and chilled by struggling through 
wet grass and leaves that are no obstacle 
to the mother's strong legs, and thus many 
die. If the mother is confined in a coop 
it should be so large and roomy that she 
can move about without trampling on the 
chicks, and it should have a dry floor, since 
dampness is fatal to the little ones. 

For the first week the chicks should be 
fed five times a day, and for the next five 
weeks they should have three meals a day. 
They should be given only just about 
enough to fill each little crop and none 
should be left over to be trodden under 
their awkward little feet. Their quarters 
should be kept clean and free from vermin. 

SUGGESTED READING Farm Animals, 
by James G. Lawson; also, readings on 
pages 28-29. 

LESSON 35 
TURKEYS 

LEADING THOUGHT The turkey is a 
native of America. It was introduced into 



ANIMALS 

Spain from Mexico about 1518, and since 
then has been domesticated. However, 
there are still in some parts of the coun- 
try flocks of wild turkeys. It is a beautiful 
bird and has interesting habits. 

METHOD If the pupils could visit a 
flock of turkeys, the lesson would be given 
to a better advantage. If this is impossible, 
ask the questions a few at a time and let 
those pupils who have opportunities for 
observing the turkeys give their answers 
before the class. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Of what breed are 
the turkeys you are studying: Bronze, 
Black, Buff, White Holland, or Narragan- 
sett? 

2. What is the general shape and size 
of the turkey? Describe its plumage, not- 
ing every color which you can see in it. 
Does the plumage of the hen turkey difr 
fer from that of the gobbler? 

3. What is the covering of the head of 
the turkey, what is its color and how far 
does it extend down the neck of the bird? 
Is it always the same color; if not, what 
causes the change? Is the head covering 
alike in shape and size on the male and 
the female? What is the part called that 
hangs from the front of the throat below 
the beak? From above the beak? 

4. What is the color of the beak? Is it 
short or long, straight or curved? Where 
are the nostrils situated? 

5. What is the color of the turkey's 
eyes? Do you think it is a keen-sighted 
bird? 

6. Where are the ears? Do they show 
as plainly as a chicken's ears do? Are tur 
keys quick of hearing? 

7. Do turkeys scratch like hens? Are 
they good runners? Describe the feet and 
legs as to shape, size, and color. Has the 
male a spur on his legs, and if so, where is 
it situated? For what is it used? 

8. Can turkeys fly well? Are the wings 
small or comparatively large and strong 
for the weight of the body? Do turkeys 
prefer high or low places for perching 
when they sleep? Is it well to house and 
confine them in small buildings and parks 
as is done with other fowls? 

9. Tell, as nearly as you can discover by 
close observation, how the gobbler sets 



BIRDS M 1 

each part of his plumage when he is scribe the turkey's egg, as well as you can, 

" showing off " or strutting. "What do you as to color, shape, and size. Can one tell it 

think is the bird's purpose in thus exhibit- by the taste from an ordinary hen's egg? 

ing his fine feathers? Does the " king of About how many eggs does the turkey hen 

the flock " permit any such action by lay in her nest before she begins to " get 

other gobblers in his company? broody " and want to sit? 

10. Are turkeys timid and cowardly or 13. How many days of incubation ^ are 
independent and brave, ready to meet and required to hatch the turkey chick? Is it as 
fight anything which they think is threat- downy and pretty as other little chicks? 
ening to their comfort and safety? How often should the young chicks be fed, 

11. When turkeys fight, what parts of and what food do you think is best for 
their bodies seem to be used as weapons? them? Are turkey chicks as hardy as other 
Does the male " gobble " during a fight, chicks? 

or only as a challenge or in triumph when 14. Is the turkey hen generally a good 

victorious? Do the hen turkeys ever fight, mother? Is she cross or gentle when sitting 

or only the males? and when brooding her young? Is it pos- 

12. How early in the spring does the sible to keep the mother turkey as closely 
turkey hen begin to lay? Does she nest confined with her brood as it is with the 
about the poultry yard and the bams or is mother hen? What supplies should be 
she likely to seek some secret and distant given to her in the way of food, grits, dust- 
spot where she may hide her eggs? De- baths, etc.? 



BIRDS OF MARSH AND SHORE 



1. SHOVELLER, SPOONBILL, OR BROADBILL. The 
range of the shoveller extends from Alaska in 
summer to Colombia, South America, in win- 
ter. With its uniquely long, broad bill, this shal- 
low-water 'dabbler" gathers up water and 
ooze; by means of the comblike teeth with 
which the bill is equipped it strains out the in- 
sects and vegetable matter which are its fa- 
vorite food. (Photo by L. W. Brownell) 

2. THE MALLARD. The range of the mallard in 
North America extends in summer south of 
the Arctic circle, east to Hudson Bay, and south 
to Lower California and Texas. In winter it is 
found from the Aleutian Islands south to 
Panama. Being a "dabbler" the mallard gen- 
erally feeds in shallow water, but it is very 
adaptable as to food and environment. From 
the economic standpoint it is the most impor- 
tant duck in the world, since it is the ancestor 
of most domestic ducks, is 'widely distributed, 
and produces meat of good quality. (Photo by 
L. W. Brownell) 

3. LESSER SCAUP DUCKS. This is one of the 
most common ducks in the open waters of 
rivers, larger lakes and bays, and along sea- 
coasts. Its food, consisting chiefly of insects, 
crustaceans, water snails, tadpoles, and aquatic 
plants, it secures by diving. In the Gulf states, 
the lesser scaup is often called the " raft duck " 
because of the great numbers that collect into 
flocks and move about on the water. These 
rafts are sometimes a mile long. (Photo by 
S. A. Grimes) 

4. PIED-BILLED GREBE ON ITS NEST. The sum- 
mer range of this grebe is from southern Canada 
to the southern United States; its winter range 
extends to Mexico and Cuba. It moves south 
when ice forms on northern streams, and re- 
turns when it breaks up in spring. Its food 
consists chiefly of aquatic animals and some 
water plants. To escape danger it dives rather 
than flies. This grebe, like others, often carries 
its young on its back, thus hiding them from 
observers; the mother can even dive with the 
young and when she comes again to the sur- 
face keep them still concealed. (Photo by Olin 
Sewall Pettingill, Jr.) 

5. SPOTTED SANDPIPER APPROACHING ITS NEST. 
The sandpiper (also called tip-up or tip-tail), 
said to be the most widely and commonly dis- 
tributed shore bird in North America, is found 
in regions about both fresh and salt water. Al- 
though it can swim and dive readily, its food 
consists chiefly of grasshoppers, cutworms, 
grubs, and pests of cultivated lands. The nest, 
a hollow in the ground, may be along shores or 
even in cultivated fields far from water; it is 
built by the united efforts of the pair. (Photo 
by L. W. Brownell) 

6. CHICKS OF WILSON'S PLOVER, These newly 
hatched chicks were picked up on a sandy beach 



and " posed 3} in a shell. (Photo by Olin Sewall 
Pettingill, Jr.) 

7. WILSON'S PLOVER AT ITS NEST. (See also 
No. 6.) Wilson's plover is found in the coastal 
regions of southern North America and Cen~ 
tral America. It feeds on the tiny sea creatures 
that the falling tide leaves strewn along mud 
flats and sandy beaches. The nest, usually 
placed above high water on a sandy beach, is 
a hollowed out place in the sand. The young 
and eggs blend so with the sand as to be almost 
unnoticeable. In the one pictured here, note 
one egg beneath the female, one in front of her, 
and newly hatched chick behind her. (Photo 
by S. A. Grimes) 

8. KING RAIL ON ITS NEST. The range of this 
bird is in the central and southern portions of 
the eastern half of the United States. Its food 
consists largely of insects of cultivated lands, 
which it secures from the edges of swampy 
areas in upla?ids. Rails are found chiefly in 
grassy marshes. The legs are strong and the 
wings are weak, and hence when pursued they 
will run or hide, but will fly only as a last resort. 
(Photo by S. A. Grimes) 

9. THE COMMON TERN AT ITS NEST. Terns 
live in both the Eastern and Western Hemi- 
spheres. 

Terns nest in colonies, usually on the open 
sand of an island beach. They can be distin- 
guished from gulls by their more pointed bills, 
narrower wings, and by their habit of diving or 
swimming to catch their food, which consists of 
small fish, aquatic worms, and insects. (Photo by 
S. A. Grimes) 

10. AMERICAN EGRET, GREAT WHITE EGRET. 
OR WHITE HERON. The summer range of this 
egret is chiefly from the southern United States 
south to Patagonia. In late summer it migrates 
northward to Maine. Its winter range is Colo- 
rado, Texas, and South Carolina southward. 
The egrets and other herons are commonly 
found about the shores of lakes, rivers, or bays. 
They usually nest in flocks. Once in danger of 
extinction, they are now under protection and 
are increasing in numbers. (Photo by S. A. 
Grimes) 

11. AN AMERICAN BITTEGRN ON THE DEFEN- 
SIVE. This inhabitant of the marshes ranges in 
summer across the North American continent 
from central Canada to the southern United 
States. In winter it is found from the southern 
United States to Panama. When approached 
bitterns fall into a rigid pose which they hold 
until the intruder retires or frightens them into 
flight. The cry of this bird is most arresting and 
unusual. It is compared to the sound of driving 
a stake or the sound of a pump in action. Frogs, 
snakes, small fish, mice, and insects comprise 
its food. (Photo by S. A. Grimes) 



FISHES 



It remains yet unresolved whether the happiness of a man in this world doth con- 
sist more in contemplation or action. Concerning which two opinions I shall forebear 
to add a third by declaring my own, and rest myself contented in telling you that 
both of these meet together, and do most properly belong to the most honest, ingen- 
ious, quiet and harmless art of angling. And first I tell you what some have observed, 
and I have found to be a real truth, that the very sitting by the riverside is not only the 
quietest and the fittest place for contemplation, but will invite an angler to it. 

ISAAK WALTON 



Dear, human, old Isaak Walton discov- 
ered that nature-study, fishing, and phi- 
losophy were akin and as inevitably related 
as the three angles of a triangle. And yet 
it is surprising how little the fish have been 
used as subjects for nature lessons. Every 
brook and pond is a treasure to the teacher 
who will find what there is in it and who 
knows what may be got out of it. 

Almost any of the fishes found in a 
brook or pond may be kept in an aquar- 
ium for a few days of observation in the 
schoolroom. A large water pail or a bucket 
does very well if there is no glass aquar- 
ium. The water in an aquarium should 
be changed whenever it becomes foul. 
The practice should be established, once 
for all, of putting these finny prisoners 
back into the identical body of water from 
which they were taken. Much damage has 
been done by liberating fish in bodies of 
water where they do not belong. Many 
fish have cannibalistic traits: black bass, 



for instance, if they are either the new- 
comers or the original inhabitants, will 
be likely to attack and destroy other 
fish. Besides, even if the new home pro- 
vides suitable living conditions for the 
newcomers, they may upset the balance 
existing among the various forms of plant 
and animal life already there. 

SUGGESTED READING The Book of 
Fishes, by J. O. LaGorce; Cold-blooded 
Vertebrates, by Samuel F. Hildebrand, 
Charles W. Gilmore, and Doris M. Coch- 
ran, Vol. 8 of Smithsonian Scientific Se- 
ries; The Complete Aquarium Book, by 
W. T. Innes; Field Book of Ponds and 
Streams, by Ann H. Morgan; A History of 
Fishes, by J. R. Norman; Nature by Sea- 
side and Wayside, by Mary G. Phillips 
and Julia M. Wright, Book 3, Plants and 
Animals; Our Great Outdoors: Reptiles, 
Amphibians and Fishes, by C. W. G. 
Eifrig; Young Folks' Book of Fishes, by 
Ida M. Mellen. See also Bibliography. 



THE GOLDFISH 



Once upon a time, if stories are true, 
there lived a king called Midas, whose 
touch turned everything to gold. When- 
ever I see goldfish, I wonder if, perhaps, 
King Midas were not a Chinese and if he 
perchance did not handle some of the lit- 
tle fish in Orient streams. But common 
man has learned a magic as wonderful as 
that of King Midas, although it does not 



act so immediately, for it is through his 
agency in selecting and breeding that 
we have gained these exquisite fish for 
our aquaria. In the streams of China the 
goldfish, which were the ancestors of these 
effulgent creatures, wore safe green colors 
like the shiners in our brooks; and if any 
goldfish escape from our fountains and 
run wild, their progeny return to their 



FISHES 



145 



native olive-green color. There are many 
of such dull-colored goldfish in the lakes 
and rivers of our country. It is almost in- 
conceivable that one of the brilliant-col- 
ored fishes, if it chanced to escape into our 
ponds ? should escape the fate of being 
eaten by some larger fish attracted by such 
glittering bait. 

The goldfish, as we see it in the aquar- 
ium, is brilliant orange above and pale 
lemon-yellow below; there are many speci- 
mens that are adorned with black patches. 
And as if this fish were bound to imitate 
the precious metals, there are individuals 
which are silver instead of gold; they are 
oxidized silver above and polished silver 
below. The goldfish are closely related 
to the carp and can live in waters that 
are stale. If water plants and scavengers, 
such as water snails, are kept in the 
aquarium, the water does not become foul. 
The water, then, need not be changed; but 
unless the aquarium is covered, it will be 
necessary to add water to replace that 
which evaporates. Goldfish should not be 




fed too lavishly. An inch square of one of 
the sheets of prepared fish food we have 
found a fair daily ration for five medium 
sized fish; these fish are more likely to 



"DorsaT fi 




Helen F. Hill 



Fish in a hatchery pond 



Goldfish with parts named 

die from overfeeding than from starving. 
Goldfish are naturally long-lived; Miss Ada 
Georgia kept them until seven years old 
in a school aquarium; and there is on rec- 
ord one goldfish that lived nine years. 

Too often the wonderful common 
things are never noticed because of their 
commonness; and there is no better in- 
stance of this than the form and move- 
ments of a fish. It is an animal in many 
ways similar to animals that live on land; 
but its form and structure are such that it 
is perfectly adapted to live in water all 
its life; there are none of the true fishes 
which live portions of their lives on land 
as do the frogs. The first peculiarity of the 
fish is its shape. Looked at from above, the 
broader part of the body is near the front 
end, which is rounded or pointed so as to 
cut the water readily. The long, narrow, 
hind portion of the body with the tail acts 
as a propeller in the sense that it pushes 
the body forward; this movement is not 
at all similar to the action of an airplane 
propeller or a ship's screw. Seen from the 
side, the body is a smooth, graceful oval 
and this form is especially adapted to 
move through the water swiftly, as can 
be demonstrated to the pupil by cutting a 
model of the fish from wood and trying 
to move it through the water sidewise. 

Normally, the fish has seven fins, one 
along the back called the dorsal, one at 
the end of the tail called the tail or caudal 
fin, one beneath the rear end of the body 
called the anal ? a pair on the lower side 




ANIMALS 



N. Y. State Conservation Dept. 

Large-mouthed black bass 
Aplites salmoides 

of the body called the ventrals, and a pair 
just back of the gill openings called the 
pectorals. All these fins play their own 
parts in the movements of the fish. The 
dorsal fin is usually higher in front than 
behind and can be lifted or shut down like 
a fan. This fin when it is lifted gives the 
fish greater height and it can be twisted 
to one side or the other and thus be made 
a factor in steering. The anal fin on the 
lower side acts in a similar manner. The 
tail fin is the propeller and sends the body 
forward by pressing backward on the 
water, first on one side and then on the 
other, being used like a scull. The tail 
fin varies in shape very much in different 
species. In the goldfish it is fanlike, with 
a deeply notched hind edge, but in some 
it is rounded or square. The paired fins 
correspond anatomically to our arms and 
legs, the pectorals representing the arms, 
the ventrals the legs. 

Fishes 7 eyes have no eyelid but the eye- 
ball is movable, and this often gives the 
impression that the fish winks. Fishes are 
necessarily nearsighted since the lens of 
the eye has to be spherical in order to see 
in the water. The sense of smell is located 
in a little sac to which the nostril leads; 
the nostrils are small and often partitioned 
and may be seen on either side of the 
snout. The nostrils of a fish have no con- 
nection whatever with breathing. 




The tongue of the fish is very bony or 
gristly and immovable. Very little sense 
of taste is developed in it. The shape, 
number, and position of the teeth vary ac- 
cording to the food habits of the fish. The 
commonest teeth are fine, sharp, and short 
and are arranged in pads, as seen in the 
bullhead. Some fish have blunt teeth suit- 
able for crushing shells. Some herbivorous 
fishes have sharp teeth with serrated edges, 
while those living upon crabs and snails 
have incisor-like teeth. In some species we 
find several types of teeth; in others, such 
as goldfish or minnows in general, the 
teeth may be entirely absent. The teeth 
are borne not only on the jaws but also 
in the roof of the mouth, on the tongue, 
and in the throat. 

The ear of the fish has neither outside 
form nor opening and is very imperfect 
in comparison with that of man. Extend- 
ing along the sides of the body from head 
to tail is a line of modified scales contain- 
ing small tubes connecting with nerves; 




N. Y. State Conservation Dept. 

A chain pickerel 
Esox niger 



N. Y. State Conservation Dept. 

A yellow perch 
Perca flavescens 

this is called the lateral line and it is be- 
lieved that it is in some way connected 
with the fish's senses, perhaps with the 
sense of hearing. 

The covering of fishes varies: most fish, 
such as the yellow perch and black bass, 
are sheathed in an armor of scales; others, 
such as the bullhead, have only a smooth 
skin. All fish are covered with a slimy 
substance which somewhat reduces fric- 
tion as they swim through the water. 

In order to understand how the fish 
breathes we must examine its gills. In 
front, just above the entrance to the gullet, 
are several bony ridges which bear two 
rows of pinkish fringes; these are the gill 
arches and the fringes are the gills. The 



FISHES 

gills are filled with tiny bloodvessels, and 
as the water passes over them, the impu- 
rities of the blood pass out through the 
thin skin of the gills and the life-giving 
oxygen passes in. Since most fish cannot 
make use of air unless it is dissolved in 
water, it is very important that the water 
in the aquarium provide a sufficient sur- 
face area to enable the fish to secure air. 
The gill arches also bear a series of bony 
processes called gill-rakers. Their function 
is to prevent the escape of food through 
the gills while it is being swallowed, and 
they vary in size according to the food 
habits of the fish. We note that the fish in 
the aquarium constantly opens and closes 
the mouth; this action draws the water 
into the throat and forces it out over the 
gills and through the gill openings; this, 
then, is the act of breathing. 

SUGGESTED READING Goldfish Culture 
for Amateurs, by A. E. Hodge and Arthur 
Derham; Goldfish, Their Care in Small 
Aquaria and Ponds, by E. C. Fearnow 
(Document 980, Bureau of Fisheries, 
Washington, D. C.); The Pet Book, by 
Anna B. Comstock; also, readings on page 
144. 

LESSON 36 

A STUDY OF THE FISH 

LEADING THOUGHT A fish lives in the 
water where it must breathe, move, and 
find its food. The water world is quite 
different from the air world and the fish 
have developed forms, senses, and habits 
which fit them for life in the water. 

METHOD The goldfish is used as a 
subject for this lesson because it is so 
conveniently kept where the children may 
see it. However, a shiner or other minnow 
would do as well. 

Before the pupils begin the study, place 
the diagram shown on p. 145 on the black- 
board, with all the parts labeled; thus 
the pupils will be able to learn the parts 
of the fish by consulting it ? and not be 
compelled to commit them to memory 
arbitrarily. It would be well to associate 
the goldfish with a geography lesson on 
China. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Where do fish live? 



147 



2. What is the shape of a fish when 
seen from above? Where is the widest 
part? What is its shape seen from the 
side? Think if you can in how many ways 
the shape of the fish is adapted for mov- 
ing swiftly through the water. 

3. How many fins has the fish? Make 
a sketch of the goldfish with all its fins 
and name them from the diagram on the 
blackboard. 

4. How many fins are there in all? Four 
of these fins are in pairs; where are they 
situated? What are they called? Which 
pair corresponds to our arms? Which to 
our legs? 

5. Describe the pectoral fins. How are 
they used? Are they kept constantly mov- 
ing? Do they move together or alternately? 
How are they used when the fish swims 
backward? 

6. How are the ventral fins used? How 
do they assist the fish when swimming? 

7. Observe a dorsal fin and an anal fin. 
How are these used when the fish is 
swimming? 

8. With what fin does the fish push 
itself through the water? Make a sketch 
of the tail. Note if it is square, rounded, 
or notched at the end. 

9. Watch the goldfish swim and de- 
scribe the action of all the fins while it 
is in motion. In what position are the fins 
when the fish is at rest? 

10. What is the nature of the covering 
of the fish? Are the scales large or small? 
In what direction do they seem to over- 
lap? Of what use to the fish is this scaly 
covering? 

11. Can you see a line which extends 
from the upper part of the gill opening, 
along the side to the tail? This is called 
the lateral line. Do you think it is of any 
use to the fish? 

12. Note carefully the eyes of the fish. 
Describe the pupil and the iris. Are the 
eyes placed so that the fish can see in 
all directions? Can they be moved so as 
to see better in any direction? Does the 
fish wink? Has it any eyelids? Do you 
know why fish are nearsighted? 

13. Can you see the nostrils? Is there 
a little wartlike projection connected 



ANIMALS 



with the nostril? Do you think fishes 
breathe through their nostrils? 

14. Describe the mouth of the fish. 
Does it open upward, downward, or di- 
rectly in front? What sort of teeth have 
fish? How does the fish catch its prey? 
Does the lower or upper jaw move in the 
process of eating? 

15. Is the mouth kept always in mo- 
tion? Do you think the fish is swallowing 
water all the time? Do you know why it 
does this? Can you see a wide opening 
along the sides of the head behind the 
gill cover? Does the gill cover move with 
the movement of the mouth? How does a 
fish breathe? 

16. What are the colors of the goldfish 
above and below? What would happen to 
our beautiful goldfish if they were put 
in a brook with other fish? Why could 
they not hide? Do you know what 
happens to the colors of the goldfish 
when they run wild in our streams and 
ponds? 

17. Can you find in books or cyclo- 
pedias where the goldfish came from? Are 
they gold and silver in color in the streams 
where they are native? Do you think that 
they had originally the long, slender, swal- 
low-tails which we see sometimes in gold- 
fish? How have the beautiful colors and 
graceful forms of the gold and silver fishes 
been developed? 

I have my world, and so have you, 
A tiny universe for two, 



A bubble by the artist blown, 
Scarcely more fragile than our own, 
Where you have all a whale could wish, 
Happy as Eden's primal fish. 
Manna is dropt you thrice a day 
From some land heaven not far away, 
And still you snatch its softening crumbs, 
Nor, more than we, think whence it 

comes. 

No toil seems yours but to explore 
Your cloistered realm from shore to shore; 
Sometimes you trace its limits round, 
Sometimes its limpid depths you sound, 
Or hover motionless midway, 
Lilce gold-red clouds at set of day; 
Erelong you whirl with sudden whim 
Ofi to your globe's most distant rim, 
Where, greatened by the watery lens, 
Methinlcs no dragon of the fens 
Flashed huger scales against the sky, 
Roused by Sir Bevis or Sir Guy; 
And the one eye that meets my view, 
Lidless and strangely largening, too, 
Like that of conscience in the dark, 
Seems to make me its single mark. 
What a benignant lot is yours 
That have an own All-out-of-doors, 
No words to spell, no sums to do, 
No Nepos and no parlyvool 
How happy you, without a thought 
Of such cross things as Must and 

Ought 

I too the happiest of boys 
To see and share your golden joys! 
" THE ORACLE OF THE GOLDFISHES," 

LOWELL 



THE BULLHEAD 

The bull-head does usually dwell and hide himself in holes or amongst stones in 
clear water; and in very hot days will lie a long time very still and sun himself and will 
be easy to be seen on any flat stone or gravel; at which time he will suffer an angler to 
put a hook baited with a small worm very near into his mouth; and lie never refuses 
to bite, nor indeed, to be caught with the worst of anglers. ISAAK WALTON 



When one looks a bullhead in the face 
one is glad that it is not a real bull, for 
its barbels give it an appearance quite fit 
for the making of a nightmare; and yet 
from the standpoint of the bullhead, how 



truly beautiful those fleshy feelers are! 
For without them how could it feel its 
way about searching for food in the mud? 
Two of these barbels stand straight up; 
the two largest ones stand out on each 



FISHES 



149 




Common bullhead 
Ameiurus nebulosus 



State of New York Conservation Department 



side of the mouth, and two pairs of short 
ones adorn the lower lip, the smallest pair 
at the middle. 

As the fish moves about, it is easy to 
see that the large barbels at the side of the 
mouth are of the greatest use; it keeps 
them in a constantly advancing move- 
ment, feeling of everything it meets. The 
upper ones stand straight up, keeping 
watch for whatever news there may be 
from above; the two lower ones spread 
apart and follow rather than precede the 
fish, seeming to test what lies below. The 
upper and lower pairs seem to test things 
as they are, while the large side pair deal 
with what is going to be. The broad 
mouth seems to be formed for taking in 
all things eatable, for the bullhead lives 
on almost anything alive or dead that it 
discovers as it noses about in the mud. 
Nevertheless, it has its notions about its 
food, for I have repeatedly seen one draw 
material into its mouth through its breath- 
ing motion and then spew it out with a 
vehemence one would hardly expect from 
such a phlegmatic fish. 

Although it has feelers which are very 
efficient, it also has perfectly good eyes 
which it uses to excellent purpose; note 
how promptly it moves to the other side 
of the aquarium when we are trying to 
study it. The eyes are not large; the pupils 
are black and oval and are rimmed with 
a narrow band of shiny pale yellow. The 
eyes are prominent so that when moved 
backward and forward they gain a view 



of the enemy in the rear or at the front 
while the head is motionless. It seems 
strange to see such a pair of pale yellow, 
almost white eyes in such a dark body. 

The general shape of the front part of 
the body is flat, in fact, it is shaped de- 
cidedly like a tadpole; this shape is espe- 
cially fitted for groping about muddy 




bottoms. The flat effect of the body is em- 
phasized by the gill covers opening below 
rather than at the sides, every pulsation 
widening the broad neck. The pectoral 
fins also open out on the same plane as 
the body, although they can be turned 
at an angle if necessary; they are thick and 
fleshy and the sharp tips of their spines 
offer punishment to whosoever touches 
them. The dorsal fin is far forward and 
not large; it is usually raised at a threat- 
ening angle. 

Near the tail there is a little fleshy dor- 
sal fin which stands in line with the body, 
and one wonders what is its special use, 
The ventral fins are small. The anal fin is 
far back and rather strong, and this with 



150 



ANIMALS 



the long ? strong tail gives the fish good 
motor power; it can swim very rapidly if 
occasion requires. 

The bullhead is mud-colored and has 
no scales. The skin is very thick and leath- 
ery so that it is always removed before the 
fish is cooked. The bullhead burrows deep 
into the mud in the fall and remains there 
all winter; when the spring freshets come, 
it emerges and is hungry for fresh meat. 





Bullhead guarding his nest 

The family life of the bullheads and 
other catfishes seems to be quite ideal. 
Dr. Theodore Gill tells us that bullheads 
make their nests by removing stones and 
gravel from a more or less irregularly circu- 
lar area in shallow water, and on sandy or 
gravelly ground. The nest is somewhat 
excavated, both parents removing the peb- 
bles by sucking them into the mouth and 
carrying them off for some distance. After 
the eggs are laid, the male watches over 
and guards the nest and seems to have 
great family responsibilities. He is the 
more active of the two in stirring and mix- 
ing^ the young fry after they are hatched. 
Smith and Harron describe the process 
thus: "With their chins on the bottom, 
the old fish brush the corners where the 
fry were banked, and with the barbels all 
directed forward, and flexed where they 
touch the bottom, thoroughly agitate the 
mass of fry, bringing the deepest individu- 
als to the surface. This act is usually re- 
peated several times in quick succession. 



" The nests are usually made beneath 
logs or other protecting objects and in 
shallow water. The paternal care is con- 
tinued for many days after the birth of the 
young. At first these may be crowded to- 
gether in a dense mass, but as time passes 
they disperse more and more and spread 
around the father. Frequently, especially 
when the old one is feeding, some one 
or more of the young are taken into the 
mouth, but they are instinctively sepa- 
rated from the food and spit out. At last 
the young swarm venture farther from 
their birthplace, or perhaps they are led 
away by their parents/' 

SUGGESTED READING Along the Brook, 
by Raymond T. Fuller; Backyard Explora- 
tion, by Paul G. Howes; The Pet Book, 
by Anna B. Comstock; The Pond Book, 
by Walter P. Porter and Einar A. Hansen; 
also, readings on page 144. 

LESSON 37 

THE BULLHEAD, OR HORNED POUT 

LEADING THOUGHT The bullhead 
lives in mud bottoms of streams and 
ponds and is particularly adapted for life 
in such locations. 

METHOD A small bullhead may be 
placed in a small aquarium jar. At first let 
the water be clear and add a little pond 
weed so as to observe the natural tendency 
of the fish to hide. Later add mud and 
gravel to the aquarium and note the be- 
havior of the fish. 

OBSERVATIONS i. What at the first 
glance distinguishes the bullhead from 
other fish? Describe these strange " whis- 
kers" growing about the mouth; how 
many are there and where are they situ- 
ated? Which are the longest pair? Can 
the fish move them in any direction at 
will? 

2. Where do we find bullheads? On 
what do they feed? Would their eyes help 
them to find their food in the mud? How 
do they find it? 

3. Explain, if you can, why the bull- 
head has barbels, or feelers, while the 
trout and bass have none. 

4. What is the shape of the mouth? 



FISHES 



151 



5. What is the general shape of the 
body? What is its color? Has it any scales? 

6. Why should the bullhead be so flat 
horizontally while the sunfish is so flat 
in the opposite direction? 

7. Describe the bullhead's eyes. Are 
they large? What is their color? Where 
are they placed? 

8. Describe the dorsal fin ? giving its 
comparative size and position. Do you see 
another dorsal fin? Where is this peculiar 
fin and how does it differ from all of the 
others? 

9. Describe the tail fin. Does it seem 
long and strong? Is the bullhead a good 
swimmer? 

10. Is the anal fin large or small as com- 
pared with that of the goldfish? 

11. How do the pectoral fins move as 
compared with those of the sunfish? Why 
is the position of the pectoral and dorsal 
fins of benefit to this fish? 

12. How does the bullhead inflict 
wounds when it is handled? Tell how 
these spines may protect it from its natural 
enemies. 

13. When is the best season for fishing 
for bullheads? Does the place where they 
are found affect the flavor of their flesh? 
Why? 

14. What is the spawning season? Do 
you know about the nests the bullheads 
build and the care they give their young? 

15. Write an essay on the nest-making 
habits of the bullheads and the care given 
the young by the parents. 

And what fish will the natural boy nat- 
urally talce? In America, there is but one 
fish which enters fully into the spirit of 
the occasion. It is a fish of many species 
according to the part of the country, and 
of as many sizes as there are sizes of boys. 
This fish is the horned pout, and all the 
rest of the species of Ameiums. Horned 
pout is its Boston name. Bullhead is good 
enough for New York; and foi the rest of 
the country, big and little, all the fishes 



of this tribe are called catfish. A catfish is 
a jolly blundering sort of a fish, a regular 
Falstaff of the ponds. It has a fat /owl, 
and a fat belly, which it is always trying 
to fill. Smooth and sleek, its skin is almost 
human in its delicacy. It wears a long 
mustache, with scattering whiskers of 
other sort. Meanwhile it always goes 
armed with a sword, three swords, and 
these it has always on hand, always ready 
for a struggle on land as well as in the 
water. The small boy often gets badly 
stuck on these poisoned daggers, but, as 
the fish knows how to set them by a 
muscular twist, the small boy learns how, 
by a like untwist, he may unset and leave 
them harmless. 

The catfish lives in sluggish waters. It 
loves the millpond best of all, and it has 
no foolish dread of hooks when it goes 
forth to bite. Its mouth is wide. It swal- 
lows the hook, and very soon it is in the 
air, its white throat gasping in the untried 
element. Soon it joins its fellows on the 
forked stick, and even then, uncomfort- 
able as it may find its new relations, it 
never loses sight of the humor of the oc- 
casion. Its large head and expansive fore- 
head betoken a large mind. It is the only 
fish whose brain contains a Sylvian fissure, 
a piling up of /issue consequent on the 
abundance of gray matter. So it under- 
stands and makes no complaint. After it 
has dried in the sun for an hour, pour a 
little water over its gills, and it will wag 
its tail, and squeak with gratitude. And 
the best of all is, there are horned pouts 
enough to go around. 

The female horned pout lays thousands 
of eggs, and when these hatch, she goes 
about near the shore with her school of 
little fishes, like a hen with myriad chicks. 
She should be respected and let alone, 
for on her success in rearing this breed of 
" bullying little rangers " depends the 
sport of the small boy of the future. 

" FISH STORIES," CHARLES FREDERICK 
HOLDER AND DAVID STARR JORDAN 



ANIMALS 




State of New York Conservation Department 

The common sucker 
Catostomus commersonnii 



THE COMMON SUCKER 



He who loves to peer down into the 
depths of still waters, often sees upon the 
sandy, muddy, or rocky bottom several 
long, wedge-shaped sticks lying at various 
angles one to another. But if he thrust 
down a real stick, behold, these inert, 
water-logged sticks move off deftly! And 
then he knows that they are suckers. He 
may drop a hook baited with a worm in 
front of the nose of one, and if he waits 
long enough before he pulls up he may 
catch this fish, not by its gills but by the 
pit of its stomach; for it not only swallows 
the hook completely but tries to digest it 
dong with the worm. Its food is made up 
of soft-bodied insects and other small 
water creatures; it is also a mud eater and 
manages to make a digestive selection 
from the organic material of silt. For this 
latter reason it is not a desirable food fish, 
although its flesh varies in flavor with the 
locality where it is found. The suckers 
taken when the waters are cold, are tasty 
but somewhat more bony than most fishes, 
while those taken from warm waters are 
very inferior in flavor and often unpalat- 
able. 

Seen from above, the sucker is wedge- 
shaped, being widest at the eyes; seen from 
the side it has a flat lower surface and 
an ungracefully rounded contour above, 
which tapers only slightly toward the tail. 



The profile of the face gives the impres- 
sion of a Roman nose. The young speci- 
mens have an irregular scale-mosaic pat- 
tern of olive-green blotches on a paler 
ground color, while the old ones are quite 
brown above and on the sides. The suck- 
ers differ from most other fishes in having 
the markings of the back extend down 
the sides almost to the belly. This is a 
help in concealing the fish, since its sides 
show from above quite as distinctly as its 
back because of its peculiar form. The 
scales are rather large and are noticeably 
larger behind than in the region of the 
head. Like other fish it is white below. 

The dorsal fin is placed about midway 
the length of the fish as measured from 
nose to tail. The tail is long and strong 
and deeply notched; the anal fin extends 
back to where the tail begins. The ventral 
fins are small and are directly opposite the 
hind half of the dorsal fin. The pectorals 
are not large but are strong and are placed 
low down. The sucker has not a lavish 
equipment of fins, but its tail is strong 
and it can swim swiftly; it is also very ex- 
citable; in its efforts to escape, it will jump 
from the aquarium more successfully than 
any other fish. When resting on the bot- 
tom, it is supported by its extended pec- 
toral and ventral fins, which are strong al- 
though not large. 



FISHES 



L 53 



The eyes are fairly large but the iris is 
not shiny; they are placed so that the fish 
can easily see above it as well as at the 
sides; the eyes move so as to look up or 
down and are very well adapted to serve 
a fish that lives upon the bottom. The 
nostrils are divided, the partition project- 
ing until it seems a tubercle on the face. 
The mouth opens below and looks like 
the puckered opening of a bag. The lips 
are thick but are very sensitive; it is by 
projecting these lips, in a way that re- 
minds one of a very short elephant's 
trunk, that it is enabled to reach and find 
its food in the mud or gravel; so al- 
though the sucker's mouth is not a beauti- 
ful feature, it is doubly useful. The sucker 
has the habit of remaining motionless for 
long periods of time. It breathes very 
slowly and appears sluggish; it never seizes 
its food with any spirit but simply slowly 
engulfs it; and for this reason it is consid- 
ered poor game. It is only in the spring 
when they may be speared through the ice 
that there is any fun in catching suckers; 
it is at this season of the year that they 
move upstream to shallow riffles to 
spawn. Even so lowly a creature as the 
sucker seems to respond to influences of 
the springtime, for at that period the 
male has a faint rosy stripe along his sides. 
In the winter these fish retire to the 
depths of the rivers or ponds. 

There are many species of suckers and 
they vary in size from six inches to three 
feet in length. They inhabit all sorts of 
waters, but they do not like a strong cur- 
rent and are, therefore, found in still 
pools. The common sucker (Catostomus 
commersonii), which is the subject of this 
lesson, sometimes attains the length of 
twenty-two inches and the weight of five 
pounds. The ones under observation were 
about eight inches long, and proved to be 
the acrobats of the aquarium, since they 
were likely at any moment to jump out; 
several times I found one on the floor. 

SUGGESTED READING Along the 
Brook, by Raymond T. Fuller; Backyard 
Exploration, by Paul G. Howes; also, read- 
ings on page 144. 



LESSON 38 
THE COMMON SUCKER 



LEADING THOUGHT The sucker is es- 
pecially adapted by shape for lying on the 
bottom of ponds under still water wheie 
its food is abundant. 

METHOD If still-water pools along 
rivers or lakesides are accessible, it is far 
more interesting to study a sucker in its 
native haunts, as an introduction to the 
study of its form and colors when it is in 
the aquarium. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where do you find 
suckers? How do you catch them? Do 
they take the hook' quickly? What is the 
natural food of the sucker? 

2. What is the shape of this fish's body 
when seen from above? From the side? 
What is the color above? On the sides? 
Below? Does the sucker differ from most 
other fishes in the coloring along its sides? 
What is the reason for this? What do 
suckers look like on the bottom of the 
pond? Are they easily seen? 

3. Describe or sketch a sucker, showing 
the position, size, and shape of the fins 
and tail. Are its scales large or small? How- 
does it use its fins when at rest? When 
moving? Is it a strong swimmer? Is it a 
high jumper? 

4. Describe the eyes; how are they espe- 
cially adapted in position and in move- 
ment to the needs of a fish that lives on 
the bottom of streams and ponds? 

5. Note the nostrils. Are they used for 
breathing? 

6. Where is the mouth of the sucker 
situated? What is its form? How is it 
adapted to get food from the bottom of 
the stream and from crevices in the rocks? 

7. Tell all you know about the habits of 
the suckers. When do you see them first 
in the spring? Where do they spend the 
winter? Where do they go to spawn? How 
large is the largest one you have ever 
seen? Why is their flesh sometimes con- 
sidered poor in quality as food? Is there a 
difference in the flavor of their flesh de- 
pending upon the temperature of the 
water in which they live? 



ANIMALS 




State of New York Conservation Department 



Common shiner or redfin 
Notropis cornutus 



THE SHINER 

This is a. noteworthy and characteristic lineament, or cipher ? or hieroglyphic, or 
type of spring. You look into some clear, sandy bottomed brook where it spreads into 
a deeper bay, yet flowing cold from ice and snow not far off, and see indistinctly poised 
over the sand on invisible fins, the outlines of the shiner, scarcely to be distinguished 
from the sands behind it as if it were transparent. THOREAXJ 



There are many species of shiners and 
it is by no means easy to recognize them 
or to distinguish them from chub, dace, 
and other minnows, since all these belong 
to one family; they all have the same ar- 
rangement of fins and live in the same 
water; and the plan of this lesson can with 
few changes be applied to any of them. 

Never were seen more exquisite colors 
than shimmer along the sides of the com- 
mon shiner (Notropis cornutus) . It is 
pale olive-green above, just a sunny brook- 
color; this is bordered at the sides by a line 
of iridescent blue-purple, while the shin- 
ing silver scales on the sides below flash 
and glimmer with the changing hues of 
the rainbow. Most of the other minnows 
are darker than the shiners. 

The body of the shiner is ideal for slip- 
ping through the water. Seen from above 
it is a narrow wedge, rounded in front and 
tapering to a point behind; from the side, 
it is long, oval, lance-shaped. The scales 
are large and beautiful, and the lateral line 
looks like a series of dots embroidered at 
the center of the diamond-shaped scales. 



The dorsal fin is placed just back of the 
center of the body and is not very large; 
it is composed of soft rays, the first two 
being stiff and unbranched. The tail is 
long, large, graceful and deeply notched. 
The anal fin is almost as large as the dor- 
sal. The ventral pair is placed on the lower 
side, opposite the dorsal fin; the pectorals 
are set at the lower margin of the body, 
just behind the gill openings. The shiner 
and its relatives use the pectoral fins to 
aid in swimming, and keep them con- 
stantly in motion when moving through 
the water. The ventrals are moved only 
now and then and evidently help in keep- 
ing the balance. When the fish moves 
rapidly forward, the dorsal fin is raised so 
that its front edge stands at right angles to 
the body and the ventral and anal fins are 
expanded to their fullest extent. But when 
the fish is lounging, the dorsal, anal, and 
ventral fins are more or less closed, al- 
though the tip of the dorsal fin swings 
with every movement of the fish. 

The eyes are large, the pupils being 
very large and black; the iris is pale yellow 



FISHES 



155 



and shining; the whole eye is capable of 4. Describe or sketch the fish, showing 



much movement forward and back. The 
nostril is divided by a little projecting par- 
tition which looks like a tubercle. The 
mouth is at the front of the head; to see 
the capabilities of this mouth, watch the 
shiner yawn, if the water of the aquarium 
becomes stale. Poor fellow! He yawns just 
as we do in the effort to get more oxygen. 

The shiners are essentially brook fish 
although they may be found in larger 
bodies of water. They lead a precarious 
existence, for the larger fish eat them in all 
their stages. They hold their own only by 
laying countless numbers of eggs. They 
feed chiefly on water insects, algse, and 
fish eggs, including their own. They are 
pretty and graceful little creatures and 
may be seen swimming up the current in 
the middle of the brook. They often oc- 
cur in schools or flocks, especially when 
young. 

SUGGESTED READING BacJcyard Ex- 
ploration, by Paul G. Howes; The Pet 
Boole, by Anna B. Comstock; also, read- 
ings on page 144. 

LESSON 39 
THE SHINER 

LEADING THOUGHT The shiners are 
among the most common of the little fish 
in our small streams. They are beautiful 
in form and play an important part in the 
life of our streams. 

METHOD Place in the aquarium shin- 
ers and as many as possible of the other 
species of small fish found in our creeks 
and brooks. The aquarium should stand 
where the pupils may see it often. The fol- 
lowing questions may be asked, giving the 
children time for the work of observation. 

OBSERVATIONS i . What is the shape 
of the shiner's body when seen from 
above? When seen from the side? Do you 
think that its shape fits it for moving rap- 
idly through the water? 

2. What is the coloring above? On the 
sides? Below? 

3. Are the scales large and distinct, or 
very small? Can you see the lateral line? 
Where are the tiny holes which make this 
line placed in the scales? 



position, relative size, and shape of all the 
fins and the tail. 

5. Describe the use and movements of 
each of the fins when the fish is swim- 
ming. 

6. Describe the eyes. Do they move? 

7. Describe the nostrils. Do you think 
each one is double? 

8. Does the mouth open upward, down- 
ward, or forward? Have you ever seen the 
shiner yawn? Why does it yawn? Why do 
you yawn? 

9. Where do you find the shiners liv- 
ing? Do they haunt the middle of the 
stream or the edges? Do you ever see them 
in flocks or schools? 

MINNOWS 

How silent comes the water round that 

bend; 

Not the minutest whisper does it send 
To the o'er-hanging sallows; blades of grass 
Slowly across the chequered shadows pass, 
Why, you might read two sonnets, ere 

they reach 
To where the hurrying freshnesses aye 

preach 

A natural sermon o'er their pebbly beds; 
Where swarms of minnows show their lit- 
tle heads, 
Staying their wavy bodies 'gainst the 

streams, 

To taste the luxury of sunny beams 
Tempered with coolness. How they ever 

wrestle 
With their own sweet delight, and ever 

nestle 

Their silver bellies on the pebbly sand/ 
If you but scantily hold out the hand, 
That very instant not one will remain; 
But turn your eye, and there they are 

again. 
The ripples seem right glad to reach those 

cresses, 
And cool themselves among the em'rald 

tresses; 
The while they cool themselves, they 

freshness give, 
And moisture, that the bowery green may 

live. 

JOHN KEATS 



i 5 6 



ANIMALS 




State of New York Conservation Department 



The brook trout 
Salvelinus f ontinalis 



THE BROOK TROUT 

Up and down the brook I ran, where beneath the banks so steep, 
Lie the spotted trout asleep. WHITTIER 



But they were probably not asleep, as 
Mr. Whittier might have observed if he 
had cast a fly near one of them. There is 
in the very haunts of the trout a sugges- 
tion of where it gets its vigor and wariness : 
the cold, clear streams where the water 
is pure; brooks that wind in and out over 
rocky and pebbly beds, here shaded by 
trees and there dashing through the open 
it makes us feel vigorous even to think 
of such streams. Under the overhanging 
bank or in the shade of some fallen log 
or shelving rock, the brook trout hides 
where he may see all that goes on in the 
world above and around him without be- 
ing himself seen. Woe to the unfortu- 
nate insect that falls upon the surface of 
the water in his vicinity or even flies low 
over it, for the trout will easily jump far 
out of the water to seize its prey It is 
this habit of taking the insect upon and 
above the water's surface which has made 
trout fly-fishing the sport that it is. Man's 
ingenuity is fairly matched against the 
trout's cunning in this contest. I know of 
one old trout that has kept fishermen in 
the region around on the qui vive for 
years; and up to date he is still alive, mak- 
ing a dash now and then at a tempting 



bait, showing himself enough to tantalize 
his would-be captors with his splendid 
size, but always retiring at the sight of the 
line. 

The brook trout varies much in color, 
depending upon the soil and the rocks of 
the streams in which it lives. Its back is 
marbled with dark olive or black, mak- 
ing it just the color of shaded water. This 
marbled coloration also marks the dorsal 
and the tail fins. The sides, which vary 
much in color, are marked with beautiful 
vermilion spots, each placed in the center 
of a larger, bluish spot. In some instances 
the lower surface is reddish, in others 
whitish. All the fins on the lower side 
of the body have the front edges creamy 
or yellowish white, with a darker streak 
behind. 

The trout's head is quite large and 
somewhat blunt. The large eye is a little 
in front of the middle of the head. The 
dorsal fin is at about the middle of the 
body, and when raised is squarish in out- 
line. Behind the dorsal fin and near the 
tail is the little, fleshy adipose fin, so called 
because its tissue is more or less adipose 
in nature. The tail is fan-shaped, slightly 
notched at the end and is large and strong. 



FISHES 



The anal fin is rather Iarge ? being shaped 
much like the dorsal fin, only slightly 
smaller. The ventral fins are directly be- 
low the dorsal fin and a little behind its 
middle. The pectorals are low down, being 
below and just behind the gill arches. 

In size the brook trout may reach four- 
teen inches, but the majority of those 
caught are seldom longer than seven or 
eight inches. It does not flourish in water 
which is warmer than 70 Fahrenheit, 
and prefers a temperature of about 50 
Fahrenheit. It must have the pure water 
of mountain streams and cannot endure 
the water of rivers which is polluted by 
mills or the refuse of cities. Where it has 
access to streams that flow into the ocean, 
it forms the salt-water habit, going out 
to sea and remaining there during the 
winter. Such specimens become very 
large. 

The trout can lay eggs when about six 
inches in length. The eggs are laid from 
September until late November in most 
parts of the United States. One small 
mother trout lays from 400 to 600 eggs, 
but the large-sized ones lay more. The pe- 
riod of hatching depends upon the tem- 
perature of the water. In depositing their 
eggs the trout seek water with a gravelly 
bottom, often where some spring enters 
into a stream. The nest is shaped by the 
tail of the fish, the larger stones being car- 
ried away in the mouth. To make the pre- 





Verne Morton 

When resting on a stream bed trout face into 
the current 



Where the trout live 

cious eggs secure they are covered with 
gravel. 

Strict laws have been enacted by almost 
all of our states to protect the brook trout 
and preserve it in our streams. While it is 
true that brook trout spawn when five to 
six inches in length, the legal size in most 
states is six to seven inches; this gives 
them a chance to spawn at least about 
once before being caught. It is the duty of 
every decent citizen to abide by these laws 
and to see to it that his neighbors observe 
them. The teacher cannot emphasize 
enough to the child the moral value 
of being law-abiding. There should be in 
every school in the Union children's 
clubs which should have for their pur- 
pose civic honesty and the enforcement 
of laws which affect the city, village, or 
township. 

Almost any stream with suitable water 
may be stocked with trout from the na- 
tional or the state hatcheries, but what 
is the use of this expense if the game 
laws are not observed and these fish are 
caught before they reach maturity, as is 
so often the case? 

SUGGESTED READING Along the Brook, 
by Raymond T. Fuller; Backyard Explora- 



i 5 8 



ANIMALS 



tion, by Paul G. Howes; Mountain Neigh- 
bors, by Edith M. Patch and Carroll L. 
Fenton (Rainbow Trout) ; The Watchers 
of the Trails, by Charles G. D. Roberts; 
also, readings on page 144. 

LESSON 40 
THE BROOK TROUT 

LEADING THOUGHT The brook trout 
have been exterminated in many streams 
in our country largely because the game 
laws were passed too late to save them; 
and because of misuse of our waters. The 
trout is one of the most cunning and beau- 
tiful of our common fishes and the most 
delicious for food. Many mountain 
streams in our country could be well 
stocked with brook trout. 

METHOD For this lesson secure a 
trout from a fisherman at the opening of 
trout season. In some states, a permit is 
required before a trout may be legally kept 
in captivity, unless it is a legally captured 
specimen and is kept only during fishing 
season. 

OBSERVATIONS i. In what streams are 
the brook trout found? Must the water be 
warm or cold? Can the trout live in im- 
pure water? Can it live in salt water? 

2. Do the trout swim about in schools 
or do they live solitary? Where do they 
like to hide? 

3. With what kind of bait are trout 
caught? Why do they afford such excel- 
lent sport for fly-fishing? Can you tell what 
the food of the trout is? 

4. What is the color of the trout above? 
What colors along its sides? What mark- 
ings make the fish so beautiful? What is 
its color below? Has the trout scales? Do 
you see the lateral line? 

5. What is the general shape of the 
brook trout? Describe the shape, position, 
and color of the dorsal fin. Describe the 
little fin behind the dorsal. Why is it un- 
like the other fins? What is the shape of 
the tail fin? Is it rounded, square, or cres- 
cent-shaped across the end? What is the 
position and size of the anal fin compared 
with the dorsal? What are the colors on 
the ventral fins and where are these fins 



placed in relation to the dorsal fin? What 
color are the pectoral fins and how are 
they placed in relation to the gill arches? 

6. Describe the trout's eyes. Do you 
think the trout is keen-sighted? 

7. When and where are the eggs laid? 
Describe how the nest is made. How are 
the eggs covered and protected? 

8. Could a trout live in the streams of 
your neighborhood? Can you get state aid 
in stocking the streams? 

9. What are the game laws concerning 
trout fishing? When is the open season? 
How long must the trout be to be taken 
legally? If you are a good citizen what do 
you do about the game laws? 

10. Write a story telling all you know 
about the wariness, cunning, and strength 
of the brook trout. 

TROUT 

It is well for anglers not to make trout, 
of all fishes, the prime objective of a day's 
sport, as no more uncertain game loves the 
sunlight. Today he is yours for the very 
asking; tomorrow, the most luscious lure 
will not tempt him. One hour he defies 
you, the next, gazes at you from some en- 
sconcement of the fishes, and knows you 
not, as you pass him, casting, by. 

I believe I accumulated some of this 
angling wisdom years ago, in a certain 
trout domain in New England, where 
there were streams and pools, ripples, cas- 
cades and drooping trees; where every- 
thing was fair and promising to the eyes 
for trout; but it required superhuman pa- 
tience to lure them, and many a day I 
scoreda blank. Yet on these very days when 
lures were unavailing, the creel empty 
save for fern leaves, I found they were 
not for naught; that the real fishing day 
was a composite of the weather, the wind, 
even if it was from the east, the splendid 
colors of forest trees, the blue tourmaline 
of the sky that topped the stream amid the 
trees, the flecks of cloud mirrored on 
the surface. The delight of anticipation, 
the casting, the play of the rod, the exer- 
cise of skill, the quick turns in the stream 
opening up new vistas, the little openings 
in the forest, through which were seen dis- 



FISHES 



tant meadows and nodding flowers all 
these went to make up the real trout fish- 
ing, the actual catch being but an incident 
among many delights. 

Just how long one could be content 
with mere scenery in lieu of trout, I am 
not prepared to say; if pushed to the wall, 
I confess that when fishing I prefer trout 
to scenic effects. Still, it is a very imprac- 
ticable and delightful sentiment with 
some truth to it, the moral being that the 
angler should be resourceful, and not be 
entirely cast down on the days when the 
wind is in the east. 

I am aware that this method of angling 



is not in vogue with some, and would be 
deemed fanciful, indeed inane, by many 
more; yet it is based upon a true and 
homely philosophy, not of today, the phi- 
losophy of patience and contentment. 
" How poor are they that have not pa- 
tience/ 7 said Othello. It is well to be con- 
tent with things as we find them, and it is 
well to go a-fishing, and not to catch fish 
alone, but every offering the day has to 
give. This should be an easy matter for the 
angler, as Walton tells us that Angling 
is somewhat like poetry; men are to be 
born so. 
" FISH STORIES/' HOLDER AND JORDAN 




j 

State of New York Conservation Department 

Brook stickleback and nest 
Eucalia inconstans 



THE STICKLEBACK 



This is certainly the most sagacious of 
the Lilliputian vertebrates; scarcely more 
than an inch in length when full-grown, 
it gazes at you with large, keen, shining- 
rimmed eyes, takes your measure and darts 
off with a flirt of the tail that says plainly, 
" Catch me if you can/' The sticklebacks 



are delightful aquarium pets because their 
natural home is in still water sufficiently 
stagnant for algae to grow luxuriously; thus 
we but seldom need to change the water 
in the aquarium, which, however, should 
be well stocked with water plants and have 
gravel at the bottom. 



i6o 



ANIMALS 



When the stickleback is not resting, he 
is always going somewhere and he knows 
just where he is going and what he is going 
to do, and earthquakes shall not deter 
him. He is the most dynamic creature in 
all creation, I think, except perhaps the 
dragon fly, and he is so ferocious that if 
he were as large as a shark he would de- 
stroy all other fishes. His ferocity is fright- 
ful to behold as he seizes his prey and 
shakes it as a terrier does a rat. 

Well is this fish named stickleback, for 
along the ridge of its back are sharp, strong 
spines five of them in our tiny brook 
species. These spines may be laid back flat 
or they may be erected stiffly, making an 
efficient saw which does great damage to 
fish many times larger than the stickle- 
back. When we find the minnows in the 
aquarium losing their scales, we may be 
sure they are being raked off by this saw- 
back; and if the shiner or sunfish under- 
takes to make a stickleback meal, there is 
only one way to do it, and that is to catch 
the quarry by the tail, since he is too alert 
to be caught in any other way. But swal- 
lowing a stickleback tail first is a danger- 
ous performance, for the sharp spines rip 
open the throat or stomach of the captor. 
Dr. Jordan says that the sticklebacks of 
the Puget Sound region are called " sal- 
mon killers " and that they well earn the 
name; these fierce midgets unhesitatingly 
attack the salmon, biting off pieces of 
their fins and also destroying their spawn. 

As seen from the side, the stickleback 
is slender and graceful, pointed like an 
arrow at the front end, and with the body 
behind the dorsal fin forming a long and 
slender pedicel to support the beautifully 
rounded tail fin. The dorsal fin is placed 
well back and is triangular in shape; the 
anal fin makes a similar triangle opposite 
it below and has a sharp spine at its front 
edge. The color of the body varies with 
the light; when the stickleback is floating 
among the water weeds, the back is green- 
ish mottled with paler green, but when 
the fish is down on the gravel, it is much 
darker. The lateral line is marked by a 
silver stripe. 

If large eyes count for beauty, then the 



stickleback deserves " the apple," for its 
eyes are not only large but gemlike, with a 
broad iris of golden brown around the 
black pupil. I am convinced that the 
stickleback has a keener vision than most 
fish; it can move its eyes backward and 
forward rapidly and alertly. The mouth 
opens almost upward and is a wicked 
little mouth, in both appearance and 
action. 

When swimming, the stickleback darts 
about rapidly, its dorsal and anal fins ex- 
tended, its spines all abristle, and its tail 
lashing the water with strong strokes. 
When the fish wishes to lift itself through 
the water, it seems to depend entirely 
upon its pectoral fins and these are also 
used for balancing. Its favorite position 
is hanging motionless among the pond 
weeds, with the tail and the dorsal and 
ventral fins partially closed; it usually rests 
upon the pectoral fins which are braced 
against some stem; in one case I saw the 
ventrals and pectorals used together to 
clasp a stem and hold the fish in place. In 
moving backward the pectorals do the 
work, with a little beckoning motion of 
the tail occasionally. When resting upon 
the bottom of the aquarium, it closes its 
fins and makes itself quite inconspicuous. 
It can dig with much power, accomplish- 
ing this by a comical auger-like motion; it 
plunges head first into the gravel and then, 
by twisting the body and tail around and 
around, it soon forms a hiding place. 

But it is as house builder and father 
and home protector that the stickleback 
shines. In the early spring he builds him a 
nest made from the fine green algas called 
frog-spittle. This would seem too delicate 
a material for the house construction, but 
he is a clever builder. He fastens his filmy 
walls to some sterns of reed or grass, using 
as a platform a supporting stem; the ones 
which I have especially studied were fas- 
tened to grass stems. The stickleback has 
a little cement plant of his own, supposed 
to be situated in the kidneys, which at this 
time of year secretes the glue for building 
purposes. The glue is waterproof. It is 
spun out in fine threads or in filmy masses 
through an opening near the anal fin. One 



FISHES 



161 



species weights his platform with sand 
which he scoops up from the bottom, but 
I cannot detect that our brook stickleback 
does this. In his case, home is his sphere 
literally, for he builds a spherical house 
about the size of a glass marble, three- 
quarters of an inch in diameter. It is a 
hollow sphere; he cements the inside 
walls so as to hold them back and give 
room, and he finishes his pretty structure 
with a circular door at the side. When fin- 
ished, the nest is like a bubble made of 
threads of down, and yet it holds to- 
gether strongly. 

In the case of the best-known species, 
the male, as soon as he has finished his 
bower to his satisfaction, goes a-wooing; 
he selects some lady stickleback, and in his 
own way tells her of the beautiful nest he 
has made and convinces her of his ability 
to take care of a family. He certainly has 
fetching ways, for he soon conducts her to 
his home. She enters the nest through the 
little circular door, lays her eggs within it, 
and then, being a flighty creature, she 
sheds responsibilities and flits off carefree. 
He follows her into the nest, scatters the 
fertilizing milt over the eggs, and then 
starts off again and rolls his golden eyes on 
some other lady stickleback and invites 
her also to his home. She comes without 
any jealousy because she was not first 
choice; she also enters the nest and 
lays her eggs and then swims off uncon- 
cernedly. Again he enters the nest and 
drops more milt upon the eggs and then 
fares forth again, a still energetic wooer. 
If there was ever a justified polygamist, he 
is one, since it is only the cares and respon- 
sibilities of the home that he desires. He 
only stops wooing when his nest holds as 
many eggs as he feels equal to caring for. 
He now stands on guard by the door, and 
with his winnowing pectoral fins sets up a 
current of water over the eggs; he drives off 
all intruders with the most vicious attacks, 
and keeps off many an enemy simply by a 
display of reckless fury; thus he stands 
guard until the eggs hatch and the tiny 
little sticklebacks come out of the nest 
and float off, attaching themselves by 
their mouths to the pond weeds until they 



become strong enough to scurry around in 
the water. 

Some species arrange two cloors in this 
spherical nest so that a current of water 
can flow through and over the eggs. Mr. 
Eugene Barker, who has made a special 
study of the little brook sticklebacks of the 
Cayuga Basin, has failed to find more than 
one door to their nests. Mr. Barker made a 
most interesting observation on this stick- 
leback's obsession for fatherhood. He 
placed in the aquarium two nests, one of 
which was still guarded by its loyal 
builder, who allowed himself to be caught 




N. Y. State Conservation Dept. 

Horned dace 
Semotilus atromaculatus 

rather than desert his post; the little 
guardian soon discovered the unprotected 
nest and began to move the eggs from it to 
his own, carrying them carefully in his 
mouth. This addition made his own nest 
so full that the eggs persistently crowded 
out of the door, and he spent much of his 
time nudging them back with his snout. 
We saw this stickleback fill his mouth 
with algae from the bottom of the aquar- 
ium and holding himself steady a short 
distance away, apparently blow the algae 
at the nest from a distance of half an 
inch; we wondered if this was his method 
of laying on his building materials before 
he cemented them. 

The eggs of this species are white and 
shining like minute pearls, and seem to be 
fastened together in small packages with 
gelatinous matter. The mating habits of 
this species have not been thoroughly 
studied; therefore, here is an opportunity 
for investigation on the part of the boys 
and girls. The habits of other species of 
sticklebacks have been studied more than 
have those of the brook stickleback. 

SUGGESTED READING Pathways in Sci- 
ence, by G. S. Craig and Co-authors, 



162 



ANIMALS 



Book 3, Our Wide, Wide World; The 
Pet Book, by Anna B. Comstock; The 
Pond Book, by Walter P. Porter and Ei- 
nar A. Hansen; also, readings on page 144. 




N. Y. State Conservation Dept. 



A sculpin 
Cottus cognatus 

LESSON 41 
THE STICKLEBACK 

LEADING THOUGHT The stickleback 
is the smallest of our common fish. It lives 
in stagnant water. The father stickleback 
builds his pretty nest of algas and watches 
it very carefully. 

METHOD To find sticklebacks go to a 
pond of stagnant water which does not 
dry up during the year. If it is partly 
shaded by bushes, so much the better. 
Take a dip net and dip deeply; carefully 
examine all the little fish in the net by 
putting them in a Mason jar of water so 
that you can see what they are like. The 
stickleback is easily distinguished by the 
five spines along its back. If you collect 
these fish as early as the first of May and 
place several of them in the aquarium 
with plenty of the algas known as frog- 
spittle and other water plants they may 
perhaps build a nest for you. They may be 
fed upon bits of meat or liver chopped 
very fine or upon earthworms cut into 
small sections. 

OBSERVATIONS i. How did the stick- 
leback gets its name? How many spines 
has it? Where are they situated? Are they 



always carried erect? How are these spines 
used as weapons? How do they act as a 
means of protection to the stickleback? 

2. Describe or make a sketch showing 
the shape and position of the dorsal, the 
anal, the ventral, and the pectoral fins. 
What is the shape of the tail? What is the 
general shape of the fish? 

3. What is the color of the stickle- 
backs? Is the color always the same? What 
is the color and position of the lateral line? 

4. Describe the eyes. Are they large or 
small? Can they be moved? Do you think 
they can see far? 

5. Describe the mouth. Does it open 
upward, straight ahead, or downward? 

6. When the stickleback is swimming, 
what are the positions and motions of the 
dorsal, anal, tail, and pectoral fins? Can 
you see the ventral pair? Are they ex- 
tended when the fish is swimming? 

7. When resting among the pond weed 
of the aquarium what fins does the stick- 
leback use for keeping afloat? How are the 
other fins held? What fins does it use to 
move backward? Which ones are used 
when it lifts itself from the bottom to the 
top of the aquarium? How are its fins 
placed when it is at rest on the bottom? 

8. Drop a piece of earthworm or some 
liver or fresh meat cut finely into the 
aquarium and describe the action of the 
sticklebacks as they eat it. How large is a 
full-grown stickleback? 

9. In what kind of ponds do we find 
sticklebacks? Do you know how the stick- 
leback nest looks? Of what is it built? 
How is it supported? Is there one door or 
two? Does the father or mother stickle- 
back build the nest? Are the young in the 
nest cared for? At what time is the nest 
built? 



THE SUNFISH 



This little disc of gay color has won 
many popular names. It is called pump- 
kinseed, tobacco box, and sunfish because 
of its shape, and it is also called bream and 
pondfish. I have always wondered that it 
was not called chieftain also, for when it 



raises its dorsal fin with its saw crest of 
spines, it looks like the headdress of an 
Indian chief; and surely no warrior ever 
had a greater enjoyment in a battle than 
does this indomitable little fish. 
The sunfish lives in the eddies of our 



FISHES 



163 




State of New York Conservation Department 



Sunfish or pumpkinseed 
Eupomotis gibbosus 



clear brooks and ponds. It is a near rela- 
tive of the rock bass and also of the black 
bass and it has, according to its size, just 
as gamy qualities as the latter. I once had 
a sunfish on my line which made rne think 
I had caught a bass and I do not know 
whether I or the mad little pumpkinseed 
was the more disgusted when I discovered 
the truth. I threw him back in the water, 
but his fighting spirit was up and he 
grabbed my hook again within five min- 
utes, which showed that he had more 
courage than wisdom; it would have 
served him right if I had fried him in a 
pan, but I never could make up my mind 
to kill a fish for the sake of one mouthful 
of food. 

Perhaps of all its names, ''pumpkin- 
seed " is the most graphic, for it resembles 
this seed in the outlines of its body when 
seen from the side. Looked at from above, 
it has the shape of a powerful craft with 
smooth, rounded nose and gently swelling 
and tapering sides; it is widest at the eyes 
and this is a canny arrangement, for these 
great eyes turn alertly in every direction; 



and thus placed they are able to discern 
the enemy or the dinner coming from any 
quarter. 

The dorsal fin is a most militant looking 
organ. It consists of ten spines, the hind 
one closely joined to the hind dorsal fin, 
which is supported by the soft rays. The 
three front spines rise successively, one 
above another, and all are united by the 
membrane, the upper edge of which is 
deeply toothed. The hind dorsal fin is 
gracefully rounded and the front and hind 
fin work independently of each other, the 
latter often winnowing the water when 
the former is laid flat. The tail is strong 
and has a notch in the end; the anal fin 
has three spines on its front edge and ten 
soft rays. Each ventral fin also has a spine 
at the front edge and is placed below and 
slightly behind the pectorals. The pecto- 
ral fins, I have often thought, are the most 
exquisite and gauzelike in texture of all 
the fins I have ever seen; they are kept al- 
most constantly in motion and move in 
such graceful flowing undulations that it 
is a joy to look at them. 



164 



ANIMALS 



The eye of the sunfish is very large 
and quite prominent; the large black pupil 
is surrounded by an iris that has shining 
lavender and bronze in it, but is more or 
less clouded above; the young ones have 
a pale silver iris. The eyes move in every 
direction and are eager and alert in their 
expression. The mouth is at the front of 
the body but it opens upward. The gill 
opening is prolonged backward at the up- 
per corner, making an earlike flap; this, of 
course, has nothing to do with the fish's 
ears, but it is highly ornamental, as it is 







Male sunfish guarding his nest 

greenish-black in color, bordered by irides- 
cent, pale green, with a brilliant orange 
spot on its hind edge. The colors of the 
sunfish are too varied for description and 
too beautiful to reduce to mere words. 
There are dark, dull, greenish or purplish 
cross-bands worked out in patterns of 
scale-mosaic, and between them are bands 
of pale, iridescent green, set with black- 
edged orange spots. But just as we have 
described his colors our sunfish darts off 
and all sorts of shimmering, shining blue, 
green and purple tints play over his body; 
and as he settles down into another corner 
of the aquarium, his colors seem much 
paler and we have to describe him over 
again. The body below is brassy yellow. 

The beautiful colors which the male 
sunfish dons in spring, he puts at once to 
practical use. Professor Reighard says that 
when courting and trying to persuade his 
chosen one to come to his nest and there 



deposit her eggs, he faces her, with his 
gill covers puffed out, the scarlet or orange 
spot on the ear-flap standing out bravely, 
and his black ventral fins spread wide to 
show off their patent-leather finish. Thus 
does he display himself before her and in- 
timidate her; but he is rarely allowed to 
do this in peace. Other males as brilliant 
as he arrive on the scene and he must 
forsooth stop parading before his lady love 
in order to fight his rival, and he fights 
with as much display of color as he courts. 
In the sunfish duel, however, the partici- 
pants do not seek to destroy each other but 
to intimidate each other. The vanquished 
one retires. Professor Gill says: "Mean- 
while the male has selected a spot in very 
shallow water near the shore, and gener- 
ally in a mass of aquatic vegetation, not 
too large or close together to entirely ex- 
clude the light and heat of the sun, and 
mostly under an overhanging plant. The 
choice is apt to be in some general strip 
of shallow water close by the shore which 
is favored by many others so that a num- 
ber of similar nests may be found close to- 
gether, although never encroaching on 
each other. Each fish slightly excavates 
and makes a saucer-like basin in the chosen 
area which is carefully cleared of all peb- 
bles. Such are removed by violent jerks of 
the caudal fin or are taken up by the 
mouth and carried to the circular bound- 
ary of the nest. An area of fine, clean sand 
or gravel is generally the result, but not 
infrequently, according to Dr. Reighard, 
the nest bottom is composed of the root- 
lets of water plants. The nest has a diam- 
eter of about twice the length of the fish." 
On the nest thus formed, the sunfish 
belle is invited to deposit her eggs, which 
as soon as laid fall to the bottom and be- 
come attached to the gravel at the bottom 
of the nest by the viscid substance which 
surrounds them. Her duty is then done 
and she departs, leaving the master in 
charge of his home and the eggs. If truth 
be told, he is not a strict monogamist. 
Professor Reighard noticed one of these 
males which reared in one nest two broods 
laid at quite different times by two fe- 
males. For about a week, depending upon 



PISHES 



the temperature, the male is absorbed in 
his care of the eggs and defends his nest 
with much ferocity; but after the eggs 
have hatched he considers his duty done 
and lets his progeny take care of" them- 
selves as best they may. 

Sunfish are easily taken care of in an 
aquarium, but each should be kept by 
himself, as they are likely to attack any 
smaller fish and are most uncomfortable 
neighbors. I have kept one of these beauti- 



165 



2. What is the general shape of the 
sunfish's body as seen from above? As 
seen from the side? Why is it called pump- 
kinseed? 

3. Describe the dorsal fin. How many 
spines has it? How many soft rays? What 
is the difference in appearance between 
the front and hind dorsal fin? Do the 
two act together or separately? Describe 
the tail fin. Describe the anal fin. Has it 
any spines? If so, where are they? Where 



ful, shimmering pumpkinseeds for nearly are the ventral fins in relation to the pec- 



a year by feeding him every alternate 
day with an earthworm; the unfortunate 
worms are kept stored in damp soil in an 
iron kettle during the winter. When I 
threw one of them into the aquarium the 
sunfish would seize it and shake it as a 
terrier shakes a rat; but this was perhaps 
to make sure of his hold. Once he at- 
tempted to take a second worm directly 
after the first; but it was a doubtful pro- 
ceeding, and the worm reappeared as often 
as a prima donna, waving each time a fren- 
zied farewell to the world. 

SUGGESTED READING Along the Brook, 
by Raymond T. Fuller; Backyard Explo- 
ration, by Paul G. Howes; The Pet Book, 
by Anna B. Comstock; also, readings on 
page 144. 

LESSON 42 

THE SUNFISH 

LEADING THOUGHT The pumpkin- 
seeds are very gamy little fishes which 
seize the hook with much fierceness. They 
live in the still waters of our streams or 
in ponds and build nests in the spring, 
in which the eggs are laid and which they 
defend valiantly. 

METHOD The common pumpkinseed 
in the jar aquarium is all that is neces- 
sary for this lesson. However, it will add 
much to the interest of the lesson if the 
boys who have fished for pumpkinseeds 
will tell of their experiences. The chil- 
dren should acquire from this lesson 
an interest in nesting habits of the sun- 
fishes. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where are the sun- 
fish found? How do they act when they 
take the hook? 



torals? What is there peculiar about the 
appearance and movements of the pec- 
toral fins? 

4. Describe the eye of the sunfish. Is 
it large or small? Is 'it placed so that the 
fish can see on each side? Does the eye 
move in all directions? 

5. Describe the position of the mouth. 
In which direction does it open? 

6. What is the color of the upper por- 
tion of the gill opening or operculum? 
What is the general color of the sunfish? 
Above? Below? Along the sides? What 
markings do you see? 

7. Where does the sunfish make its 
nest? Does the father or mother sunfish 
make the nest? Does one or both protect 
it? Describe the nest. 

8. How many names do you know for 
the sunfish? Describe the actions of your 
sunfish in the aquarium. How does he act 
when eating an earthworm? 

The lamprey is not a fish at all, only a 
wicked imitation of one which can deceive 
nobody. But there are fishes which are un- 
questionably fish fish from gills to tail, 
from head to fin, and of these the little 
sunfish may stand first. He comes up the 
brook in the spring, fresh as " coin just 
from the mint/' finny arms and legs wide 
spread, his gills moving, his mouth open- 
ing and shutting rhythmically, his tail 
wide spread, and ready for any sudden 
motion for which his erratic little brain 
may give the order. The scales of the sun- 
fish shine with all sorts of scarlet, blue, 
green, and purple and golden colors. 
There is a blaclc spot on his head which 
looks like an ear, and sometimes grows out 



i66 



ANIMALS 



in a long black flap, which makes the imi- 
tation still closer. There are many species 
of the sunfish, and there may be half a 
dozen of them in the same brook, but 
that makes no difference; for our purposes 
they are all one. 

They lie poised in the water, with all 
fins spread, strutting like turkey-cocks, 
snapping at worms and little crustaceans 
and insects whose only business in the 
brook is that the fishes may eat them. 
When the time comes, the sunfish makes 
its nest in the fine gravel, building it with 
some care for a fish. When the female 



has laid her eggs the male stands guard 
until the eggs are hatched. His sharp teeth 
and snappish ways, and the bigness of his 
appearance when the fins are all displayed, 
keep the little fishes away. Sometimes, in 
his zeal, he snaps at a hook baited with a 
worm. He then makes a fierce fight, and 
the boy who holds the rod is sure that he 
has a real fish this time. But when the 
sunfish is out of the water, strung on a 
willow rod, and dried in the sun, the boy 
sees that a very little fish can make a good 
deal of a fuss. 

DAVID STARR JORDAN 




State of New York Conservation Department 



Johnny darter 
Boleosoma nigrum 



THE JOHNNY DARTER 

We never tired of watching the little Johnny, or Tessellated darter (Boleosoma ni- 
grum); although our earliest aquarium friend, (and the very first specimens showed 
us by a rapid ascent of the river weed how " a Johnny could climb trees/') he has still 
many resources which we have never learned. Whenever we try to catch him with the 
hand we begin with all the uncertainty that characterized our first attempts, even if we 
have him in a two-quart pail. We may know him by his short fins, his first dorsal having 
but nine spines, and by the absence of all color save a soft, yellowish brown, which is 
freckled with darker markings. The dark brown on the sides is'arranged in seven or eight 
W-shaped marks, below which are a few flecks of the same color. Covering the sides of 
the back are the wavy markings and dark specks which have given the name of the 
" Tessellated Darter "; but Boleosoma is a preferred name, and we even prefer " boly " 
for short. In the spring the males have the head jet black; and this dark color often ex- 
tends on the back part of the body, so that the fish looks as if he had been taken by the 
tail and dipped into a bottle of ink. But with the end of the nuptial season this color 
disappears and the fish regains his normal, strawy hue. 

His actions are rather bird-like; for he will strike attitudes like a tufted titmouse and 
he flies rather than swims through the water. He will, with much perseverance, push 
his body between a plant and the sides of the aquarium and balance himself on a slen- 



FISHES 



167 



der stem. Crouching catlike before a snail shell, he will snap off a horn which the un- 
lucky owner pushes timidly out. But he is also less dainty and seizing the animal by the 
head, he dashes the shell against the glass or stones until he pulls the body out or 
breaks the shell. DAVID STARR JORDAN 



The johnny darters are, with the stickle- 
backs, the most amusing little fish in 
the aquarium. They are well called darters 
since their movements are so rapid when 
they are frightened that the eye can 
scarcely follow them; and there is some- 
thing so irresistibly comical in their bright, 
saucy eyes, placed almost on top of the 
head, that no one could help calling one 
of them " Johnny." A " johnny " will look 
at you from one side, and then as quick 
as a flash, will flounce around and study 
you with the other eye and then come 
toward you head-on so that he may take 
you in with both eyes; he seems just as 
interested in the Johnny out of the jar 
as is the latter in the johnny within. 

The johnny darter has a queerly shaped 
body for a fish, for the head and shoulders 
are the larger part of him not that he 
suddenly disappears into nothingness; by 
no means! His body is long and very 
slightly tapering to the tail; along his 
lateral line he has a row of olive-brown 
W's worked out in scale-mosaic; and he 
has some other scale-mosaics also follow- 
ing a pattern of angular lines and making 
blotches along his back. The whole upper 
part of his body is pale olive, which is a 
good imitation of the color of the brook. 

The astonished and anxious look on the 
johnny darter's face comes from the pe- 
culiar position of the eyes, which are set 
in the top of his forehead; they are big, 
alert eyes, with large black pupils, sur- 
rounded by a shining, pale yellow line at 
the inner edge of the green iris; and as the 
pupil is not set in the center of the eye, 
the iris above being wider than below, 
the result is an astonished look, as from 
raised eyebrows. The eyes move, often 
so swiftly that it gives the impression of 
winking. The eyes, the short snout, and 
the wide mouth give johnny a decidedly 
froglike aspect. 

Although he is no frog, yet johnny 
darter seems to be in a fair way to de- 



velop something to walk upon. His pec- 
toral fins are large and strong and the 
ventral pair are situated very close to 
them; when he rests upon the gravel he 
supports himself upon one or both of 
these pairs of fins. He rests with the pec- 
toral fins outspread, the sharp points of 
the rays taking hold of the gravel like 
toenails and thus giving him the appear- 
ance of walking on his fins; if you poke 
him gently, you will find that he is very 
firmly planted on his fins so that you can 
turn him around as if he were on a pivot. 
He also uses the pectorals for swimming 
and jerks himself along with them in a 
way that makes one wonder if he could 
not swim well without any tail at all. The 
tail is large and almost straight across 
the end and is a most vigorous pusher. 
There are two dorsal fins. The front one 
has only spiny rays; when the fin is raised 
it appears almost semicircular in shape. 
The second dorsal fin is much longer, and 
when lifted stands higher than the front 
fin; its rays are all soft except the front 
one. As soon as the johnny stops swim- 
ming he shuts the front dorsal fin so that 
it can scarcely be detected; when he is 
frightened, his body lies motionless on the 
bottom; this act always reminds one of 
the "freezing" habit of the rabbit. But 
johnny does not stay scared very long; he 
lifts his head up inquisitively, stretching 
up as far as he is able on his feet, that is, 
his paired fins, in such a comical way that 
one can hardly realize he is a fish. 

The tail and the dorsal fin of the johnny 
darter are marked with silver dots which 
give them an exquisite spun-glass look; 
they are as transparent as gauze. 

The johnny darters live in clear, swift 
streams where they rest on the bottom, 
with the head upstream. Dr. Jordan has 
said they can climb up water weed with 
their paired fins. I have never observed 
them doing this but I have often seen one 
walk around the aquarium on his fins as if 



i68 



ANIMALS 



they were little fan-shaped feet; and when 
swimming he uses his fins as a bird uses 
its wings. There are many species of dart- 
ers, some of them the most brilliantly 
colored of all our fresh-water fishes. The 
darters are perchlike in form. 

Dr. Jordan says of the breeding habits 
of the darters: " On the bottom, among 
the stones, the female casts her spawn. 
Neither she nor the male pays any further 
attention to it, but in the breeding season 
the male is painted in colors as beautiful 
as those of the wood warblers. When you 
go to the brook in the spring you will 
find him there, and if you catch him and 
turn him over on his side you will see 
the colors that he shows to his mate, and 
which observation shows are most useful 
in frightening away his younger rivals. But 
do not hurt him. Put him back in the 
brook and let him paint its bottom with 
colors of a rainbow, a sunset or a garden 
of roses. All that can be done with blue, 
crimson and green pigments, in fish orna- 
mentation, you will find in some brook in 
which the darters live." 

SUGGESTED READING Along the Brook, 
by Raymond T. Fuller; Nature and Sci- 
ence Readers, by Edith M. Patch and Har- 
rison E. Howe, Book 2, Outdoor Visits; 
The Pet Boole, by Anna B. Comstock; 
The Pond Book, by Walter P. Porter and 
Einar A. Hansen; also, readings on page 
144. 

LESSON 43 
JOHNNY DARTER 

LEADING THOUGHT The johnny darter 
naturally rests upon the bottom of the 
stream. It uses its two pairs of paired fins 
somewhat as feet in a way interesting to 
observe. 

METHOD Johnny darters may be 
caught in nets with other small fish and 
placed in the aquarium. Place one or two 
of them in individual aquaria where the 
pupils may observe them at their leisure. 
They do best in running water. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Describe or sketch 
the johnny darter from above. From the 
side. Can you see the W-shaped marks 



along its side? How is it colored above? 

2. How are the pectoral fins placed? 
Are they large or small? How are they 
used in swimming? Where are the ventral 
fins placed? How are the ventrals and 
dorsals used together? When resting on 
the bottom how are the pectoral fins used? 

3. What is there peculiar about the 
dorsal fins of the johnny darter? When he 
is resting, what is the attitude of the dorsal 
fins? What is the difference in shape of 
the rays of the front and hind dorsal fins? 

4. When resting on the bottom of the 
aquarium how is the body held? On what 
does it rest? In moving about the bottom 
slowly why does it seem to walk? How 
does it climb up water weed? 

5. When frightened how does it act? 
Why is it called a darter? What is the 
attitude of all the fins when the fish is 
moving swiftly? 

6. What is the shape of the tail? 

7. What is there peculiar about the eyes 
of the johnny? Describe the eyes and their 
position. What is there in the life of the 
fish that makes this position of the eyes 
advantageous? 

8. Where do we find the johnny dart- 
ers? In what part of the stream do they 
live? Are they usually near the surface of 
the water or at the bottom? 

To my mind, the best of all subjects 
for nature-study is a brook. It affords stud- 
ies of many kinds. It is near and dear to 
every child. It is an epitome of the nature 
in which we live. In miniature, it illus- 
trates the forces which have shaped much 
of the earth's surface. It reflects the sky. 
It is kissed by the sun. It is rippled by the 
wind. The minnows play in the pools. 
The soft weeds grow in the shallows. The 
grass and the dandelions lie on its sunny 
banks. The moss and the fern are shel- 
tered in the nooks. It comes from one 
knows not whence; it flows to one knows 
not whither. It awakens the desire to ex- 
plore. It is fraught with mysteries. It typi- 
fies the flood of life. It goes on forever. 

In other words, the reason why the 
brook is such a perfect nature-study sub- 
ject is the fact that it is the central theme 



FISHES 



169 



in a scene of life. Living things appeal to 
children. 

Nature-study not only educates, but 
it educates nature-ward; and nature is ever 
our companion, whether we will or no. 
Even though we are determined to shut 
ourselves in an office, nature sends her 
messengers. The light, the dark, the moon, 
the cloud, the rain, the wind, the falling 
leaf, the fly, the bouquet, the bird, the 
cockroach they are all ours. 

If one is to be happy, he must be in 
sympathy with common things. He must 
live in harmony with his environment. 
One cannot be happy yonder nor to- 
morrow: he is happy here and now, or 
never. Our stock of knowledge of com- 
mon things should be great. Few of us 
can travel. We must know the things at 
home. 

Nature-love tends toward naturalness, 
and toward simplicity of living. It tends 
country-ward. One word from the fields 
is worth two from the city. " God made 
the country. 77 

I expect, therefore, that much good will 



come from nature-study. It ought to revo- 
lutionize the school life, for it is capable 
of putting new force and enthusiasm into 
the school and the child. It is new, and 
therefore, is called a fad. A movement is 
a fad until it succeeds. We shall learn 
much, and shall outgrow some of our pres- 
ent notions, but nature-study has come to 
stay. It is in much the same stage of de- 
velopment that manual-training and kin- 
dergarten work were twenty-five years ago. 
We must take care that it does not crystal- 
lize into science-teaching on the one hand, 
nor fall into mere sentimentalism on the 
other. 

I would again emphasize the impor- 
tance of obtaining our fact before we let 
loose the imagination, for on this point 
will largely turn the results the failure 
or the success of the experiment. We must 
not allow our fancy to run away with us. 
If we hitch our wagon to a star, we must 
ride with mind and soul and body all alert. 
When we ride in such a wagon, we must 
not forget to put in the tail-board. 

" THE NATURE-STUDY IDEA," 
L. H. BAILEY 



AMPHIBIANS 



Especially during early spring, one is 
likely to see many frogs, toads, and sala- 
manders about ponds and other shallow 
water. These animals are harmless crea- 
tures; they do not bite and their chief 
method of defense is to escape to some 
place of concealment. 

While there are exceptions to the gen- 
eral rule, and great variations in the life 
habits of these animals, it may be said 
that they are fitted to spend certain pe- 
riods of their lives on land and other peri- 
ods in water. In general, the immature 
stages are passed in or quite near water 
and the young are commonly called tad- 
poles. Of course, this means that the males 
and females of most species must return 
each year to the ponds, streams, or pools 
for the purpose of mating. Eggs are laid 
at once and usually hatch within a few 
days; the length of time varies according 
to the species and the weather conditions. 



To this entire group of cold-blooded an- 
imals the term amphibian is applied; this 
term was selected because it really means 
" double life " these animals live part of 
their lives on land and part in or quite 
near water. The presence or absence of a 
tail, during adult life, divides the amphibi- 
ans into two more or less natural groups, 
the tailed and the tailless amphibians. 

SUGGESTED READING Along Nature's 
Trails, by Lillian C. Athey; Backyard Ex- 
ploration, by Paul G. Howes; Field Boole 
of Ponds and Streams, by Ann H. Morgan; 
Our Great Outdoors, Reptiles, Amphibi- 
ans and Fishes, by C. W. G. Eifrig; Out- 
of -Doors, A Guide to Nature, by Paul B. 
Mann and George T. Hastings; Reptiles 
and Amphibians; Their Habits and Adap- 
tations, by Thomas Barbour; The Stir of 
Nature, by William H. Carr. (See also 
the Bibliography in the back of this 
book.) 



THE TAILLESS AMPHIBIANS 



This group includes the frogs and toads. 
In attaining the adult stage these animals 
lose their tadpole tails; but we do not 
mean that the tail drops from the body; 



rather let us say that it is absorbed by 
the body before the animal reaches the 
adult stage. 



THE COMMON TOAD 

The toad hopped by us with jolting springs. AKERS 



Whoever has not had a pet toad has 
missed a most entertaining experience. 
Toad actions are surprisingly interesting; 
one of my safeguards against the blues is 
the memory of the thoughtful way one 
of my pet toads rubbed and patted its 
stomach with its little hands after it had 
swallowed a June bug. Toads do not make 
warts upon attacking hands, neither do 
they rain down nor are they found in the 



bedrock of quarries; but they do have a 
most interesting history of their own, 
which is not at all legendary, and which 
is very like a life with two incarnations. 

TADPOLES 

The mother toad lays her eggs in May 
and June in ponds, or in the still pools, 
along streams; the eggs are laid in long 
strings of jelly-like substance, and are 



AMPHIBIANS 



171 



dropped upon the pond bottom or at- 
tached to water weeds; when first depos- 
ited, the jelly is transparent and the little 
black eggs can be plainly seen; but after 
a day or two, bits of dirt accumulate upon 
the jelly, obscuring the eggs. At first the 
eggs are spherical, like tiny black pills; 
but as they begin to develop, they elongate 
and finally the tadpoles may be seen wrig- 
gling in the jelly mass, which affords them 
efficient protection. After four or five 
days, the tadpoles usually work their way 
out and swim away; at this stage, the only 
way to detect the head is by the direction 
of the tadpole's progress, since it naturally 
goes head first. However, the head soon 
becomes decidedly larger, although at first 
it is not provided with a mouth; it has, 
instead, a V-shaped elevation where the 
mouth should be, which forms a sucker 
secreting a sticky substance. By means of 
this substance the tadpole attaches itself 
to water weeds, resting head up. When 
the tadpoles are two or three days old, we 
can detect little tassels on either side of 





The toad in various stages of development 
from the egg to the adult 



A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Eggs of the spadefoot toad, Bufo com- 
pactilis. Some toads lay as many as 8,000 eggs 
in a season 

the throat, which are the gills by which 
the little creature breathes; the blood 
passes through these gills, and is purified 
by coming in contact with the air which 
is mixed in the water. About ten days 
later, these gills disappear beneath a mem- 
brane which grows down over them; but 
they are still used for breathing, simply 
having changed position from the outside 
to the inside of the throat. The water 
enters the nostrils to the mouth, passes 
through an opening in the throat and 
flows over the gills and out through a little 
opening at the left side of the body; this 
opening or breathing-pore can be easily 
seen in the larger tadpoles; and when the 
left arm develops, it is pushed out through 
this convenient orifice. 

When about ten days old, the tadpole 
has developed a small, round mouth 
which is constantly in search of some- 
thing to eat, and at the same time is con- 
stantly opening and shutting to take in 
air for the gills; the mouth is provided 
with horny jaws for biting off pieces of 
plants. As the tadpole develops, its mouth 
gets larger and wider and extends back 
beneath the eyes, with a truly toadlike 
expansiveness. 

At first, the tadpole's eyes are even with 
the surface of the head and can scarcely 
be seen, but later they become more prom- 
inent and bulge like the eyes of the adult 
toad. 

The tail of the tadpole is long and flat, 
surrounded by a fin, and so is an or- 
gan for swimming. It strikes the water, 
first this side and then that, making most 
graceful curves, which seem to originate 




ANIMALS 



_ _ 

A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Eggs of Hammond's spadefoot, Scaphiopus 
hammondii. Although it looks so like our com- 
mon toad } the spadefoot belongs to a different 
genus; it lays its eggs in cylindrical masses on 
submerged twigs or grass 

near the body and multiply toward the 
tip of the tail. This movement propels 
the tadpole forward, or in any direction. 
The tail is very thin when seen from 
above; and it is amusing to look at a tad- 
pole from above, and then at the side; it 
is like squaring a circle. 

There is a superstition that tadpoles 
eat their tails; and in a sense this is true, 
because the material that is in the tail is 
absorbed into the growing body; but the 
last thing a right-minded tadpole would 
do would be to bite off its own tail. How- 
ever, if some other tadpole should bite off 
the tail or a growing leg, these organs 
conveniently grow anew. 

When the tadpole is a month or two 
old, depending upon the species, its hind 
legs begin to show; they first appear as 
mere buds which finally push out com- 
pletely. The feet are long and are pro- 
vided with five toes, of which the fourth 
is the longest; the toes are webbed so that 
they may be used to help in swimming. 
Two weeks later the arms begin to appear, 



the left one pushing out through the 
breathing-pore. The " hands " have four 
fingers and are not webbed; they are used 
in the water for balancing, while the hind 
legs are used for pushing, as the tail be- 
comes smaller. 

As the tadpole grows older, not only 
does its tail become shorter but its actions 
change. It now comes often to the surface 
of the water in order to get more air for 
its gills, although it lacks the frog tad- 
pole's nice adjustment of the growing 
lungs and the disappearing gills. At last, 
some fine rainy day, the little creature 
feels that it is finally fitted to live the life 
of a land animal. It may not be a half inch 
in length, with big head, attenuated body, 
and stumpy tail, but it swims to the shore, 
lifts itself on its front legs, which are 
scarcely larger than pins, and walks off, 
toeing in, with a very grownup air; and 
at this moment the tadpole attains toad- 
ship. Numbers of tadpoles come out of 
the water together, hopping hither and 
thither with all of the eagerness and vim 
of untried youth. It is through issuing 
thus in hordes from the water that they 
gain the reputation of being rained down, 
when they really were rained up. It is quite 
impossible for a beginner to detect the 
difference between the toad and the frog 
tadpole; usually those of the toads are 
black, while those of the frogs are other- 
wise colored, though this is not an in- 
variable distinction. The best way to dis- 
tinguish the two is to get the eggs and 
develop the two families separately. 

THE ADULT TOAD 

The general color of the common 
American toad is extremely variable. It 
may be yellowish brown, with spots of 
lighter color, and with reddish or yellow 
warts. There are likely to be four irregu- 
lar spots of dark color along each side of 
the middle of the back, and the under 
parts are light-colored, often somewhat 
spotted. The throat of the male toad is 
black and he is not so bright in color as is 
the female. The warts upon the back are 
glands, which secrete a substance disa- 



AMPHIBIANS 



greeable for the animal seeking toad din- 
ners. This is especially true of the glands 
in the elongated swellings above and just 
back of the ear, which are called the pa- 
rotid glands; these give forth a milky, poi- 
sonous substance when the toad is seized 
by an enemy, although the snakes do not 
seem to mind it. Some people have an 
idea that the toad is slimy, but this is not 
true; the skin is perfectly dry. The toad 
feels cold to the hand because it is a 
cold-blooded animal, which means an ani- 
mal with blood the temperature of the 
surrounding atmosphere; the blood of the 
warm-blooded animal has a temperature 
of its own, which it maintains whether 
the surrounding air is cold or hot. 

The toad's face is well worth study; its 
eyes are elevated and very pretty, the pupil 
being oval and the surrounding iris shin- 
ing like gold. The toad winks in a whole- 
sale fashion, the eyes being pulled down 
into the head; the eyes are provided with 
nictitating lids, which rise from below, 
and are similar to those found in birds. 
When a toad is sleeping, its eyes do not 
bulge but are drawn in, so as to lie even 
with the surface of the head. The two 





S. H. Gage 

A common toad, Bufo americanus, as he 
appears in winter sleep and after awakening 
in the spring 



A. A. and A. H. Wright 

The giant toad, Bufo alvarius. This huge 
toad of the Southwest is from 3^4 to 6% 
inches long. If molested it will secrete a fluid 
which is strong enough to paralyze a dog 

tiny nostrils are black and are easily seen; 
the ear is a flat, oval spot behind the eye 
and a little lower down; in the common 
species it is not quite so large as the eye; 
this is really the eardrum, since there is 
no external ear like ours. The toad's 
mouth is wide and its jaws are horny; it 
does not need teeth since it swallows its 
prey whole. 

The toad is a jumper, as may be seen 
from its long, strong hind legs, the feet of 
which are also long and strong and are 
armed with five toes that are somewhat 
webbed. The " arms " are shorter and 
there are four " fingers " to each " hand "; 
when the toad is resting, its front feet 
toe-in in a comical fashion. If a toad is re- 
moved from an earth or moss garden 7 
and put into a white wash-bowl, in a few 
hours it will change to a lighter hue, and 
vice versa. This is part of its protective 
color, making it inconspicuous to the 
eyes of its enemy. It prefers to live in 
cool, damp places, beneath sidewalks or 
porches, etc., and its warty upper surface 
resembles the surrounding earth. If it is 
disturbed, it will seek to escape by long 
leaps, and acts frightened; but if very 
much frightened, it flattens out on the 
ground, and looks so nearly like a clod of 
earth that it may escape even the keen 
eyes of its pursuer. When seized by the 
enemy, it will sometimes " play possum," 
acting as if it were dead; but when actually 
in the mouth of the foe, it emits terrified 
and heart-rending cries. 

The toad's tongue is attached to the 



ANIMALS 



lower jaw, at the front edge of the mouth; 
it can thus be thrust far out, and since 
it secretes a sticky substance over its sur- 
face, any insects which it touches adhere, 
and are drawn back into the mouth 
and swallowed. It takes a quick eye to see 
this tongue fly out and make its catch. 
The tadpole feeds mostly upon vegetable 
matter, but the toad lives entirely upon 
small animals, usually insects; it is not par- 
ticular as to what kind of insects, but be- 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

The little green toad, Bufo debilis. This 
small amphibian, resembling a lichen in ap- 
pearance, is about 1% inches long. It lives in 
grassy ^ flat lands from Kansas and Colorado 
south into northern Mexico 

cause of the situations which it haunts, it 
usually feeds upon those which are injuri- 
ous to grass and plants. Indeed, the toad 
is really the friend of the gardener and 
the farmer, and has been most ungrate- 
fully treated by those whom it has be- 
friended. If you doubt that a toad is an 
animal of judgment, watch it when it finds 
an earthworm and set your doubts at rest! 
It will walk around the squirming worm, 
until it can seize it by the head, apparently 
knowing well that the horny hooks ex- 
tending backward from the segments of 
the worm are likely to rasp the throat if 
swallowed the wrong way. If the worm 
prove too large a mouthful, the toad 
promptly uses its hands in an amusing 
fashion to stuff the wriggling morsel down 
its throat. When swallowing a large 
mouthful, it closes its eyes; but whether 
this aids the process, or is merely an ex- 
pression of bliss, we have not determined. 
The toad never drinks by taking in water 



through the mouth, but absorbs it through 
the skin; when it wishes to drink, it 
stretches itself out in shallow water and 
thus satisfies its thirst; it will waste away 
and die in a short time, if kept in a dry 
atmosphere. 

The toad burrows in the earth by a 
method of its own, hard to describe. It 
kicks backward with its strong hind legs, 
and in some mysterious way, the earth 
soon covers all excepting its head; then, 
if an enemy comes along, back goes the 
head, the earth caves in around it, and 
where is your toad! It remains in its bur- 
row or hiding place usually during the day, 
and comes out at night to feed. This habit 
is an advantage, because snakes are then 
safely at home and, too, there are many 
more insects to be found at night. The 
sagacious toads have discovered that the 
vicinity of street lights is swarming with 
insects, and there they gather in numbers. 
In winter they burrow deeply in the 
ground and go to sleep, remaining dor- 
mant until the warmth of spring awakens 
them; then they come out, and the mother 
toads seek their native ponds there to lay 
eggs for the coming generation. They are 
excellent swimmers; when they are swim- 
ming rapidly, the front legs are laid back- 
ward along the sides of the body, so as to 
offer no resistance to the water; but when 
they are moving slowly, the front legs 
are used for balancing and for keeping 
afloat. 

The song of the toad is a pleasant, 
crooning sound, a sort of guttural trill; it 
is made when the throat is puffed out al- 
most globular, thus forming a vocal sac; 
the sound is made by the air drawn in at 
the nostrils and passed back and forth 
from the lungs to the mouth over the 
vocal chords, the puffed-out throat acting 
as a resonator. 

The toad has no ribs by which to inflate 
the chest, and thus draw air into the lungs, 
as we do when we breathe; it is obliged 
to swallow the air instead and thus force 
it into the lungs. This movement is shown 
in the constant pulsation, in and out, of 
the membrane of the throat. 

As the toad grows, it sheds its homy 



AMPHIBIANS 



skin, which it swallows; as this process is 
usually done strictly in private, the ordi- 
nary observer sees it but seldom. One of 
the toad's nice common qualities is its 
enjoyment in having its back scratched 
gently. 

The toad has many enemies; chief 
among these is the snake and only less 
so are crows and also birds of prey. 

SUGGESTED READING The Frog Book, 
by Mary C. Dickerson; Handbook of 
Frogs and Toads, by Anna A. and Albert 
H. Wright; Mother Nature Series, by Fan- 
nie W. Dunn and Eleanor Troxell, Book 
2, By the Roadside; Nature and Science 
Readers, by Edith M. Patch and Harrison 
E. Howe/Book i, Hunting; The Pond 
Book, by Walter P. Porter and Einar A. 
Hansen; Science Stories, by Wilbur L. 
Beauchamp and Co-authors, Book i; also, 
readings on page 170. 

LESSON 44 

THE TADPOLE AQUARIUM 
LEADING THOUGHT The children 
should understand how to make the tad- 
poles comfortable and thus be able to rear 
them. 

MATERIALS A tin or agate pan, a deep 
earthenware wash-bowl, a glass dish, or a 
wide-mouthed glass jar. 

THINGS TO BE DONE i. Go to some 
pond where tadpoles live. 

2. Take some of the small stones on 
the bottom and at the sides of the pond, 
lifting them very gently so as not to dis- 
turb what is growing on their surface. 
Place these stones on the bottom of the 
pan, building up one side higher than the 
other, so that the water will be more shal- 
low on one side than on the other; a 
stone or two should project above the 
water. 

3. Take some of the mud and leaves 
from the bottom of the pond, being care- 
ful not to disturb them, and place upon 
the stones. 

4. Take some of the plants found grow- 
ing under water in the pond and plant 
them among the stones. 

5. Carry the pan thus prepared back to 



the schoolhouse and place it where the 
sun will not shine directly upon it. 

6. Bring a pail of water from the pond 
and pour it very gently in at one side of 
the pan, so as not to disarrange the plants; 
fill the pan nearly to the brim. 

7. After the mud has settled and the 
water is perfectly clear, remove some of 
the tadpoles which have hatched in the 
glass aquarium and place them in the 
" pond/' Not more than a dozen should 
be put in a pan of this size, since the 
amount of food and microscopic plants 
which are on the stones in the mud will 
afford food for only a few tadpoles. 

8. Every week add a little more mud 
from the bottom of the pond or another 
stone covered with slime, which is prob- 
ably some plant growth. More water from 
the pond should be added to replace that 
evaporated. 

9. Care should be taken that the tad- 
pole aquarium be kept where the sun will 
not shine directly upon it for any length 
of time, because if the water gets too 
warm the tadpoles will die. 

10. Pvemove the " skin " from one 
side of a tulip leaf, so as to expose the 
pulp of the leaf, and give to the tadpoles 
every day or two. Bits of hard-boiled egg 
should be given now and then. 

TOADS' EGGS AND TADPOLES 

LEADING THOUGHT The toads' eggs 
are laid in strings of jelly in ponds. The 
eggs hatch into tadpoles which are crea- 
tures of the water, breathing by gills, and 
swimming with a long fin. The tadpoles 
gradually change to toads, which are air- 
breathing creatures, fitted for life on dry 
land. 

METHOD The eggs of toads may be 
found in almost any pond about the first 
of May and may be scraped up from the 
bottom in a scoop-net. They should be 
placed in the aquarium where the children 
can watch the stages of development. 
Soon after they are hatched, a dozen or 
so should be selected and placed in the 
tadpole aquarium and the others put back 
into the stream. The children should ob- 




F. Harper and A. A. Wright 

Southern toad, Bufo terrestris. When the 
male is croaking his throat is puffed out as 
in the picture. The color of the Southern toads 
varies from red or gray to black, and in size 
they range in length from 1% inches to 3% 
inches. They are found from North Carolina 
to Florida and west to the Mississippi River 



serve the tadpoles every day, watching 
carefully all the changes of structure and 
habit which take place. If properly fed, 
the tadpoles will be ready to leave the 
water in July as tiny toads. 

OBSERVATIONS - 1 . Where were the 
toads' eggs found and on what date? Were 
they attached to anything in the water or 
were they floating free? Are the eggs in 
long strings? Do you find any eggs laid in 
jelly-like masses? If so, what are they? How 
can you tell the eggs of toads from those of 
frogs? 

2. Is the jelly-like substance in which 
the eggs are placed clear or discolored? 
What is the shape and the size of the eggs? 
A little later how do they look? Do the 
young tadpoles move about while they 
are still in the jelly mass? 

3. Describe how the little tadpole works 
its way out from the jelly covering. Can 
you distinguish then which is head and 
which is tail? How does the tadpole act at 
first? Where and how does it rest? 

4. Can you see with the aid of a lens 
the little fringes on each side of the neck? 
What are these? Do these fringes dis- 
appear a little later? Do they disappear 
on both sides of the neck at once? 
What becomes of them? How does the 
tadpole breathe? Can you see the little 
hole on the left side, through which the 
water used for breathing passes? 



ANIMALS 

5. How does the tail look and how is 
it used? How long is it in proportion to 
the body? Describe the act of swimming. 

6. Which pair of legs appears first? 
How do they look? When they get a little 
larger are they used as a help in swim- 
ming? Describe the hind legs and feet. 

7. How long after the hind legs appear 
before the front legs or arms appear? What 
happens to the breathing-pore when the 
left arm is pushed through? 

8. After both pairs of legs are developed 
what happens to the tail? What becomes 
of it? 

9. When the tadpole is very young can 
you see its eyes? How do they look as it 
grows older? Do they ever bulge out like 
toads' eyes? 

10. As the tadpole gains its legs and 
loses its tail how does it change in its 
actions? How does it swim now? Does it 
come oftener to the surface? Why? 

11. Describe the difference between 
the front and the hind legs and the front 
and the hind feet on the fully grown tad- 
pole. If the tail or a leg is bitten off by 
some other creature will it grow again? 



LESSON 45 
THE TOAD 

LEADING THOUGHT The toad is col- 
ored so that it resembles the soil and thus 
often escapes the observation of its ene- 
mies. It lives in damp places and eats 
insects, usually hunting them at night. It 
has powerful hind legs and is a vigorous 
jumper. 

METHOD Make a moss garden in a 
glass aquarium jar thus: Place some stones 
or gravel in the bottom of the jar and 
cover with moss. Cover the jar with a wire 
screen. The moss should be deluged with 
water at least once a day and the jar should 
be placed where the direct sunlight will 
not reach it. In this jar, place the toacl for 
study. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Describe the gen- 
eral color of the toad above and below. 
How does the toad's back look? Of what 
use are the warts on its back? 

2. Where is the toad usually found? 



AMPHIBIANS 



177 



Does it feel warm or cold to the hand? Is 
it slimy or dry? The toad is a cold-blooded 
animal; what does this mean? 

3. Describe the eyes and explain how 
their situation is of special advantage to 
the toad. Do you think it can see in front 
and behind and above all at the same 
time? Does the bulge of the eyes help 
in this? Note the shape and color of 
the pupil and iris. How does the toad 
wink? 

4. Find and describe the nostrils. Find 
and describe the ear. Note the swelling 
above and just back of the ear. Do you 
know the use of this? 

5. What is the shape of the toad's 
mouth? Has it any teeth? Is the toad's 
tongue attached to the front or the back 
part of the mouth? How is it used to catch 
insects? 

6. Describe the "arms and hands." 
How many " fingers " on the " hand "? 
Which way do the fingers point when the 
toad is sitting down? 

7. Describe the legs and feet. How 
many toes are there? What is the relative 
length of the toes and how are they con- 
nected? What is this web between the 
toes for? Why are the hind legs so much 
larger than the front legs? 

8. Will a toad change color if placed 
upon different colored objects? How long 
does it take it to do this? Of what advan- 
tage is this to the toad? 

9. Where does the toad live? When 
it is disturbed how does it act? How far 



can it jump? If very frightened does it 
flatten out and lie still? Why is this? 

10. At what time does the toad come 
out to hunt insects? How does it catch 
the insect? Does it swallow an earthworm 
head or tail first? When swallowing an 
earthworm or large insect, how does it 
use its hands? How does it act when swal- 
lowing a large mouthful? 

11. How does the toad drink? Where 
does it remain during the day? Describe 
how it burrows into the earth. 

12. What happens to the toad in the 
winter? What does it do in the spring? Is 
it a good swimmer? How does it use its 
legs in swimming? 

13. How does the toad look when 
croaking? What sort of noise does it 
make? 

14. Describe the action of the toad's 
throat when breathing. Did you ever see 
a toad shed its skin? 

15. What are the toad's enemies? How 
does it act when caught by a snake? Does 
it make any noise? Is it swallowed head 
or tail first? What means has it of escap- 
ing or defending itself from its enemies? 

16. How is the toad of great use to the 
farmer and gardener? 

In the early years we are not to teach 
nature as science, we are not to teach it 
primarily for method or for drill: we are 
to teach it for loving and this is nature- 
study. On these points I make no com- 
promise. _ L&lt; H&gt; BAILEY 



THE SPRING PEEPER OR PICKERING'S HYLA 

Ere yet the earliest warbler wakes, of coming spring to tell, 

From every marsh a chorus breaks, a choir invisible, 

As if the blossoms underground, a breath of utterance had found. TABB 



Associated with the first songs of robin 
and bluebird, is the equally delightful 
chorus of the spring peepers, yet how in- 
frequently do most of us see a member 
of this invisible choir! There are some 
creatures which are the quintessence of 
the slang word " cute," which, interpreted, 
means the perfection of Lilliputian pro- 



portions, permeated with undaunted 
spirit. The chickadee is one of these, and 
the spring peeper is another. I confess to 
a thrill of delight when the Pickering's 
hyla lifts itself on its tiny front feet, twists 
its head knowingly, and turns on me the 
full gaze of its bronze-rimmed eyes. This 
is one of the tiniest f roglets of them all, be- 



i 7 8 



ANIMALS 



ing little more than an inch long when 
fully grown; it wears the Greek cross in 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

The spring peeper^ Hyla crucifer. Here is 
shown the characteristic St. Andrew's cross 
on the peeper's back. This small frog, measur- 
ing % inch to 1% inches in length will be 
found from Manitoba to Maine and south- 
ward 

darker color upon its back, with some 
stripes across its long hind legs, which join 
the pattern on the back when the frog 
is " shut up/' as the boys say. 

The reason we see so little of spring 
peepers is that they are protected from 
discovery by their color. They have the 
chameleon power of changing color to 
match their background. This change can 
be effected in twenty minutes; the darker 
lines forming the cross change first, giving 
a mottled appearance which is at once pro- 
tective. I have taken three of these peep- 
ers, all of them pale yellowish brown with 
gray markings, and have placed one upon 
a fern, one on dark soil, and one on the 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

The note of the male spring peeper is a 
shrill, clear call and while it is being given his 
throat expands into a large bubble 



purple bud of a flower. Within half an 
hour, each matched its surroundings so 
closely that the casual eye would not 
detect them. The song of the Pickering's 
hyla is a resonant chirp, very stirring when 
heard nearby; it sounds somewhat like the 
note of a water bird. How such a small 
creature can make such a loud noise is a 
mystery. The process, however, may be 
watched at night by the light of a flash- 
light or lantern, as none of the peepers 
seem to pay any attention to an artificial 
light; the thin membrane beneath the 
throat swells out until it seems almost 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 



The green tree frog } Hyla cinerea cinerea. 
These frogs, 1% to 2% inches long are bright 
green in color with a straw-colored stripe 
along each side. On the tips of their toes are 
discs which enable them to cling to vertical 
surfaces. The green tree frogs are found from 
Virginia to Texas and up the Mississippi 
River to Illinois 

large enough to balloon the little chap 
off his perch. No wonder that, with such 
a sounding-sac, the note is stirring. 

The spring peepers have toes and fingers 
ending in little round discs which secrete 
at will a substance by means of which 
they can cling to vertical surfaces, even 
to glass. In fact, the time to study these 
wonderful feet is when the frog is climb- 
ing up the sides of the glass jar. The 
fingers are arranged as follows: two short 
inside ones, a long one, and another short 



AMPHIBIANS 



179 



one outside. The hind feet have three 
shorter inside toes quite far apart, a long 
one at the tip of the foot and a shorter 
one outside. When climbing a smooth 
surface like glass, the toes are spread wide 
apart, and there are other little clinging 
discs on their lower sides, although not so 
large as those at the tips. It is by means of 
these sticky, disclike toes that the animals 
hold themselves upon the tree trunks or 
other upright objects. 

The whole body of the tree frog, a rela- 
tive of the spring peeper, is covered with 
little tubercles, which give it a roughened 
appearance. The eyes are black with the 
iris of reddish color. The tongue is like 
that of other frogs, hinged to the front of 
the lower jaw; it is sticky and can be 
thrust far out to capture insects, of which 
the tree frogs eat vast numbers. 

The spring peepers breathe by the rapid 
pulsation of the membrane of the throat, 
which makes the whole body tremble. 
The nostrils are two tiny holes on either 
side of the tip of the snout. The ears are 
a little below and just behind the eyes, and 
are in the form of circular discs. 

The eggs of the spring peepers are laid 
in ponds during April; each egg has a little 
globe of jelly about it and is fastened to 
a stone or a water plant. The tadpoles are 
small and delicate; the under side of the 
body is reddish and shines with metallic 




. 

A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Common tree toad, Hyla versicolor versi- 
color. From Maine and southern Canada to 
the Gulf states is the range of these tree 
toads; their habitat is trees, logs, or stone 
fences. The color varies from ashy gray to 
brown or green; on the back is an irregular 
dark star. The eggs, in groups of thirty to 
forty, are attached to vegetation at the sur- 
face of the water 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Anderson tree jrog, Hyla andersonii. This 
is a small, beautiful, green frog with a light- 
bordered, plum-colored band along each side 
of its body. It lives chiefly in white cedar 
swamps from New Jersey to South Carolina 

luster. These tadpoles differ from those of 
other frogs in that they often leave the 
water while the tail is still quite long. In 
summer, they may be found among the 
leaves and moss around the banks of 
ponds. They are indefatigable in hunting 
for gnats, mosquitoes, and ants; their de- 
struction of mosquitoes, as pollywogs and 
as grown up frogs, renders them of great 
use to us. The voice of this peeper may be 
occasionally heard among the shrubs and 
vines or in trees during late summer and 
until November. The little creatures sleep 
beneath moss and leaves during the win- 
ter, waking to give us the earliest news of 
spring. 

SUGGESTED READING The Frog Book, 
by Mary C. Dickerson; Handbook of 
Frogs and Toads, by Anna A. and Albert 
H. Wright; Mother Nature Series, by Fan- 
nie W. Dunn and Eleanor Troxell, Book 
3, In Field and Forest; The Pond Book, 
by Walter P. Porter and Einar A. Hansen; 
also, readings on page 170. 

LESSON 46 

SPRING PEEPER OR PICKERING'S HYLA 
LEADING THOUGHT The prettiest part 
of the spring chorus of the frog ponds 
is sung by the spring peepers. These little 
frogs have the tips of their toes specially 
fitted for climbing up the sides of trees. 

METHOD Make a moss garden in an 
aquarium jar or a two-quart can. Place 
stones in the bottom and moss at one side, 
leaving a place on the other side for a 



i8o 



ANIMALS 



tiny pond of water. In this garden place 
a spring peeper, cover the jar with mos- 
quito netting, and place in the shade. 
The frogs may be found by searching the 
banks of a pond at night with a lantern. 
However, this lesson is usually given when 
by accident the spring peeper is discov- 
ered. Any species of tree frog will do; 
but the Pickering's hyla, known every- 
where as the spring peeper, is the most 
interesting species to study. 

OBSERVATIONS i . How large is the 
peeper? What is its color? Describe the 
markings. 

2. Place the peeper on some light- 
colored surface like a piece of white 
blotting paper. Note if it changes color 
after a half hour. Later place it upon some 
dark surface. Note if it changes color again. 
How does this power of changing color 
benefit the animal? Place a peeper on 
a piece of bark. After a time does it be- 
come inconspicuous? 

3. Describe the eyes. Note how little 
the creature turns its head to see any- 
thing behind it. Describe its actions if its 
attention is attracted to anything. What 
color is the pupil? The iris? 

4. Note the movement of breathing. 
Where does this show the most? Exam- 



ine the delicate membrane beneath the 
throat. What has this to do with the 
breathing? 

5. What is the peeper's note? At what 
time of day does it peep? At what time 
of year? Describe how the frog looks when 
peeping. 

6. How does the peeper climb? When it 
is climbing up a vertical surface study its 
toes. How many on the front foot? How 
are they arranged? How many toes on the 
hind foot? Sketch the front and hind feet. 
How do the toe-discs look when pressed 
against the glass? How does it manage to 
make the discs cling and then let go? Are 
there any more discs on the under side 
of the toes? Is there a web between the 
toes of the hind feet? Of the front feet? 

7. Look at a peeper very closely and 
describe its nostrils and its ears. 

8. Are the peepers good jumpers? 
What is the size and length of the hind 
legs as compared with the body? 

9. When and where are the eggs of the 
peeper laid? How do they look? 

10. How do the peeper tadpoles differ 
from other tadpoles? Describe them if 
you have ever seen them. In what situa- 
tions do they live? 

11. Of what use are the peepers to us? 



THE FROG 



The stroller along brooksides is likely 
to be surprised some day at seeing a bit 
of moss and earth suddenly make a long, 
high leap, without apparent provocation. 
An investigation resolves the clump of 
moss into a brilliantly green-spotted frog 
with two light-yellow raised stripes down 
his back; and then the stroller wonders 
how he could have overlooked such an 
obvious creature. But the leopard frog is 
only obvious when it is out of its environ- 
ment. The common green frog is quite 
as well protected since its color is exactly 
that of green pools. Most frogs spend 
their lives in or about water, and if 
caught on land they make great leaps 
to reach their native element; the leopard 



frog and a few other species, however, 
sometimes wander far afield. 

In form, the frog is more slim than the 
toad, and is not covered with great warts; 
it is cold and slippery to the touch. The 
frog's only chance of escaping its enemies 
is through the slipperiness of its body and 
by making long, rapid leaps. As a jumper, 
the frog is much more powerful than the 
toad because its hind legs are so much 
larger and more muscular, in comparison 
with its size. The first toe in the front 
foot of the male leopard frog is much 
swollen, making a fat thumb; the me- 
chanics of the hind legs make it possible 
for the frog to feather the webbed feet 
as it swims. On the bottom of the toes are 



AMPHIBIANS 



181 




The bullfrog, Rana catesbeiana. This is our largest frog, sometimes attaining a length of 
S inches. It is widely distributed east of the Rocky Mountains from Canada to Mexico. The 
bullfrog has a greenish drab back and a yellowish underside. The eggs are laid in a film, 
perhaps 2 feet square on the surface of still water. Its sonorous bass notes, jug-o'-rum, are 
heard in the evenings of early summer 



hardened places at the joints, and some- 
times others besides, which give the foot 
a strong hold when pushing for the jump. 
The toe tips, when they are pressed against 
the glass, resemble slightly the peepers 7 
discs. The hind foot is very long, while 
on the front foot the toes radiate almost 
in a circle. The foot and leg are colored 
like the back of the body above, and on 
the under side resemble the under parts. 

The frog is likely to be much more 
brightly colored than the toad, and usually 
has much of green and yellow in its dress. 
But the frog lives among green things, 
while it is to the toad's advantage to be 
the color of the soil. Frogs also have the 
chameleon power of changing color to 
harmonize with their environment. I have 
seen a very green leopard frog change to 
a slate-gray when placed upon slate-col- 
ored rock. The change took place in the 
green portions. The common green frog 
will likewise change to slate-color, in a 
similar situation. A leopard frog changed 
quickly from dark green to pale olive, 
when it was placed in the water after hav- 
ing been on the soil. 

The eyes of frogs are very prominent, 



and are beautiful when observed closely. 
The green frog has a dark bronze iris with 
a gleaming gold edge around the pupil, 
and around the outer margin. The eye of 
the leopard frog is darker; the iris seems to 
be black, with specks of ruddy gold scat- 
tered through it, and there is an outer 
band of red-gold around the margin. 
When the frog winks, the nictitating 
membrane rises from below and covers 
the whole eye; and when the frog makes 
a special effort of any sort, it has a comical 
way of drawing its eyes back into its head. 
When trying to hide at the bottom of 
the aquarium, the leopard species lets the 
eyelids fall over the eyes, so that they do 
not shine up and attract pursuers. 

The ear is in a similar position to that 
of the toad, and in the bullfrog is larger 
than the eye. In the green frog, it is a dull 
grayish disc, almost as large as the eye. 
In the leopard frog, it is not so large as 
the eye, and may have a giltish spot at 
the center. 

The nostrils are small and are closed 
when below the water, as may be easily 
seen by a lens. The mouth opens widely, 
the corners extending back under the eye. 



182 



ANIMALS 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 



Male green frog, Rana clamitans. These in- 
habitants oj deep and shallow ponds are 
found in eastern North America from Hudson 
Bay to the Gulf. In the North they are among 
the largest frogs, ranging jrom 2 to 4 inches 
in length. The jemale is shown in the follow- 
ing picture 

The jaws are horny and are armed with 
teeth, which are for the purpose of bit- 
ing off food rather than for chewing it. 
When above water, the throat keeps up 
a rhythmic motion which is the process 
of breathing; but when below water this 
motion ceases. The food of frogs is largely 
composed of insects which frequent damp 
places or live in the water. 

The sound-sacs of the leopard frogs, 
instead of being beneath the throat, as 
is the case with toads and peepers, are 
at the side of the throat; and when in- 
flated may extend from just back of the 
eyes, out above the front legs and part 
way down the sides. The song is char- 
acteristic, and pleasant to listen to, if not 
too close by. Perhaps exception should be 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Female green frog, Rana clamitans. The 
color of these frogs in general is greenish 
brown with a bright green mark from the 
eardrum forward along the jaw. Note that 
the eardrum of the male is larger than that of 
the female 



made to the lay of the bullfrog, which like 
the song of some noted opera singers, is 
more wonderful than musical; the boom 
of the bullfrog makes the earth fairly 
quake. If we seize the frog by the hind 
leg, it will usually croak and thus demon- 
strate for us the position of its sound-sacs. 
In addition to the snakes, the frogs have 
inveterate enemies in the herons, which 
frequent shallow water and eat them in 
great numbers. The frogs hibernate in 
mud and about ponds, burrowing deep 
enough to escape freezing. In the spring, 
they come up and sing their spring songs 
and the mother leopard frogs lay their 
eggs in masses of jelly on the bottom of 
the pond, usually where the water is 




A. A, and A. H. Wright 



Wood frog } Rana sylvatica. In spring these 
frogs are found about ponds and temporary 
pools in wooded areas; at other times they 
are in the woods. They even hibernate under 
stumps, stones, or logs in or near woods. 
Their color varies from tan to brown, a 
prominent black mask covering the sides of 
the head. They range from, Quebec and Nova 
Scotia south to the Carolinas and westward 
to the plains 

deeper than in the situations where the 
toads' eggs are laid. The eggs of the two 
can always be distinguished, since the 
toads' are laid in strings of jelly, while the 
leopard frogs' are laid in masses. The bull- 
frog and green frog lay large films of eggs 
on the surface of the water. 

It is amusing to watch with a lens the 
frog tadpoles seeking for their microscopic 
food along the glass of the aquarium. 
There are horny upper and lower jaws, the 
latter being below and back of the former. 
The upper jaw moves back and forth 
slightly and rhythmically, but the drop- 
ping of the lower jaw opens the mouth. 
There are three rows of tiny black teeth 



AMPHIBIANS 



below the mouth and one row above; at 
the sides and below these teeth are little, 
finger-like fringes. Fringes, rows of teeth, 
and jaws all work together, up and down, 
out and in, in the process of breathing. 
The nostrils, although minute, are present 
in the tadpole in its early stages. The pupil 
of the eye is almost circular and the iris 
is usually yellow or copper-bronze, with 
black mottling. The eyes do not wink or 
withdraw. The breathing-pore, which is 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 



Southern leopard frog, Rana sphenoceph- 
ala. The home of this frog is in swamps, over- 
flowed areas, or ponds in the southeastern 
states and northward along the coast to New 
Jersey. The pointed snout, glistening white 
underside, and ridges extending backward 
from each eye are characteristic 

on the left side, is a hole in a slight pro- 
tuberance. 

At first, the tadpoles of the frogs and 
toads are very much alike; but later most 
of the frog tadpoles are lighter in color, 
usually being olive-green, mottled with 
specks of black and white. The frog tad- 
poles usually remain much longer than 
the toads in the tadpole stage, and when 
finally they change to adults, they are far 
larger in size than the toads are when 
they attain their jumping legs. 

SUGGESTED READING Along the Brook, 
by Raymond T. Fuller; The Frog Book, 
by Mary C. Dickerson; Handbook of 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Eggs of leopard frog, Rana pipiens pipiens. 
and wood frog, Rana sylvatica. The eggs of 
the leopard frog are laid in a flattened sphere 
in waters of swampy marshes, overflows, and 
ponds. In summer,, the adults are found in 
swampy areas, grassy woodlands, or even hay 
or grain fields. They range from the Pacific 
coast states into Mexico. The eggs of the wood 
frog are laid in round masses 

Frogs and Toads, by Anna A. and Albert 
H. Wright; Holiday Pond, by Edith M. 
Patch; Nature and Science Readers, by 
Edith M. Patch and Harrison E. Howe, 
Book 2, Outdoor Visits; The Pond Book, 
by Walter P. Porter and Einar A. Hansen; 
The Story of Frogs, by Mary B. Herring 
(Unit Study Book, No. 351); also, read- 
ings on page 170. 

LESSON 47 
THE FROG 

LEADING THOUGHT The frog lives 
near or in ponds or streams. It is a power- 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 



Wright's bullfrog, Rana heckscheri. This is 
a transforming tadpole. Note that the left 
front leg has not yet pushed through the skin. 
The range of this frog is from South Carolina 
to Mississippi 



TAILLESS AMPHIBIANS 



1 and 2. AMERICAN BELL TOAD, Ascaphus 
truei, male and fern-ale. The size of this toad 
is \Y% to 2 inches. Note that the male is tailed. 

Range: Northern California, Oregon, and 
Washington, and eastward into Montana. 
Habitat: Usually under rocks in small, cold 
mountain streams; in rainy seasons they may 
be found a short distance away from the water. 
They seem to be rather solitary in habit. 

3 and 4. OAK TOAD, Bufo quercicus. The 
adults of this pigmy toad range in size from 
*A to \Y inches. Its color varies from light 
brown to almost black. Note the expanded 
vocal sac of the male (No. 4); when deflated 
it is an apron fold under the throat. The call 
is a high whistle, which is more birdlike than 
froglike. A chorus of calls can be heard for more 
than an eighth of a mile. 

Range: North Carolina to Florida, west to 
Louisiana. Habitat: Pine barrens. 

5. NARROW MOUTH TOAD, Microhyla caro- 
linensis. The size of these dark, smooth-skinned 
toads ranges from %toiy 5 inches. The voice of 
the males resembles the bleating of sheep. The 
eggs are laid in a surface film, each egg being 
clearly outlined. 

Range: From Virginia to Florida, westward 
to Texas. Habitat: In moist places under 
virtually any kind of cover, even haycocks and 
decaying logs. 

6. CANYON or SPOTTED TOAD, Bufo puncta- 
tus. This toad is iy 5 to 3 inches in size; its 
color varies from greenish tan to red. The call 
is high pitched and birdlike. The eggs are laid 
singly in pools of intermittent streams. This 
toad breeds from April to July. 

Range: South central Texas to Lower Cali- 
fornia and California. Habitat: Desert can- 
yons. 

7. GREAT PLAINS TOAD, Bufo cognatus. 
These large-bodied, brown, gray, or greenish 
toads measure from 1% to 4 inches. Their call 
is harsh and low pitched. The vocal sac is shaped 
like a sausage stood on end. 



Range: Mostly west of the 10(M meridian, 
from North Dakota southwestward to Mexico 
and eastern California. Habitat: Grazing lands 
in flood plains. 

8. SPADEFOOT TOAD, Bufo compactilis. The 
size of this desert toad is 2 to 3% inches; its 
color is pinkish drab. It breeds in pools or 
even in cattle tanks. Note the expanded sausage- 
like vocal sac of this male. 

Range: Utah and Nevada eastward to Ok- 
lahoma and southward into Mexico. Habitat: 
Deserts. 

9. HAMMOND'S SPADEFOOT, Scaphiopus 
hammondii. This toad ranges from 1% to 2% 
inches in size. It breeds in temporary pools; 
the tadpoles eat many mosquitoes, and the toads 
eat many tadpoles. It is seldom seen above ground 
except during rains of long duration. The un- 
usual call is plaintive and catlike. 

Range: From North Dakota southward to 
Mexico, and westward to the Pacific coast. 
Habitat: Burrows, which it digs in moist 
ground with its strong, spadelike feet, and into 
which it pushes itself by rocking its body. 

10. CANADIAN or WINNIPEG TOAD, Bufo 
hemiophrys. In size this toad ranges from 2% 
to 3K inches. It has a very prominent heavy, 
horny boss between its eyes and on its snout. 
It may breed in the shallows at the edges of any 
body of fresh water. 

Range: North Dakota to Manitoba. Habi- 
tat: Lakes and stream valleys. 

11 and 12. YOSEMITE TOAD, Bufo canorus, 
male and female. This is the only toad in the 
United States that shows marked difference 
between male and female. The male (No. 11) 
is olive-colored, while the female (No. 12) is 
light gray with many black areas. Its size is 
from 2 to 3 inches. 

Range: Yosemite National Park and cen- 
tral Sierra Nevada at altitudes of 1000 to 
1100 feet. Habitat: Wet meadows and mar* 
gins of streams and lakes. 



Photographs by A. A. and A. H. Wright 



i86 



ANIMALS 



ful jumper and has a slippery body. Its 
eggs are laid in masses of jelly at the bot- 
tom of ponds. 

METHOD The frog may be studied in 
its native situation by the pupils or it 
may be brought to the school and placed 
in an aquarium; however, to make a frog 
aquarium there needs to be a stick or 
stone projecting above the water, for the 
frog likes to spend part of the time en- 
tirely out of water or only partially sub- 
merged. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where is the frog 
found? Does it live all its life in the water? 
When found on land how and where does 
it seek to escape? 

2. Compare the form of the frog with 
that of the toad. Describe the frog's skin, 
its color and texture. Compare the skins 
of the two. 

3. Describe the colors and markings of 
the frog on the upper and on the under 
side. How do these protect it from obser- 
vation from above? From below? How do 
we usually discover that we are in the vi- 
cinity of a frog? 

4. Describe the frog's ears, eyes, nos- 
trils, and mouth. 

5. Compare its " hands and feet " with 
those of the toad. Why the difference in 
the hind legs and feet? 

6. How does the frog feel to your hand? 
Is it easy to hold him? How does this 
slipperiness of the frog benefit it? 

7. On what does the frog feed? What 
feeds on it? How does it escape its ene- 
mies? 

8. What sounds does the frog make? 
Where are the sound-sacs of the leopard 
frog located? How do they look when they 
are inflated? 

9. Is the frog a good swimmer? Is it 
a better jumper than the toad? Why? 

10. Where are the leopard frog's eggs 
laid? How do they look? 

11. Can you tell the frog tadpoles from 
, those of the toad? Which remains longer 

in the tadpole stage? Study the frog tad- 
poles, following the questions given in Les- 
son 44. 

12. What happens to the frog in 
winter? 



FESTINA LENTE 



Once on a time there was a pool 
Fringed all about with Rag-leaves cool 
And spotted with cow-lilies garish, 
Of frogs and pouts the ancient parish. 
Aiders the creaking redwings sink on, 
Tussocks that house blithe Bob o' Lin- 
coln, 

Hedged round the unassailed seclusion, 
Where musfcrats piled their cells Carthu- 
sian; 

And many a moss-embroidered log, 
The watering-place of summer frog, 
Slept and decayed with patient skill, 
As watering-places sometimes will. 
Now in this Abbey of Theleine, 
Which realized the fairest dream 
That ever dozing bull-frog had, 
Sunned, on a half-sunk lily pad, 
There rose a party with a mission 
To mend the polliwog's condition, 
Who notified the selectmen 
To call a meeting there and then. 
"Some kind of steps," they said, "are 

needed; 

They don't corne on so fast as we did: 
Let's dock their tails; if that don't make 

'em 

Frogs by brevet, the Old One take 'em/ 
That boy, that came the other day 
To dig some flag-root down this way, 
His jack-knife left, and 'tis a sign 
That Heaven approves of our design: 
'T were wicked not to urge the step on, 
When Providence has sent the weapon." 
Old croalcers, deacons of the mire, 
That led the deep batrachian choir, 
" Ukl Uk! Caronkl " with bass that might 
Have left Lablache's out of sight, 
Shook nobby heads, and said " No go! 
You'd better let 'em try to grow: 
Old Doctor Time is slow, but still 
He does know bow to make a pill." 
But vain was all their hoarsest bass, 
Their old experience out of place, 
And spite of croaking and entreating 
The vote was carried in marsh-meeting. 
" Lord knows," protest the polliwogs, 
" We're anxious to be grown-up frogs; 
But don't push in to do the work 
Of Nature till she prove a shirk; 
'Tis not by jumps that she advances, 



AMPHIBIANS 



187 



But wins her way by circumstances; 
Pray, wait awhile, until you know 
We're so contrived as not to grow; 
Let Nature talce her own direction, 
And she'll absorb our imperfection; 
You mightn't like 'em to appear with, 
But we must have the things to steer 

with." 

" No," piped the party of reform, 
" All great results are ta'en by storm; 
Fate holds her best gifts till we show 
We've strength to make her let them go; 
The Providence that works in history, 
And seems to some folks such a mystery. 
Does not creep slowly on, incog., 
But moves by jumps, a mighty frog; 
No more reject the Age's chrism, 
Your queues are an anachronism; 
No more the future's promise mock, 
But lay your tails upon the block, 
Thankful that we the means have voted 



To have you thus to frogs promoted." 
The thing was done, the tails were 

cropped, 

And home each philotadpole hopped, 
In faith rewarded to exult, 
And wait the beautiful result. 
Too soon it came; our pool, so long 
The theme of patriot bull-frog's song, 
Next day was reeking, fit to smother, 
With heads and tails that missed each 

other, 

Here snoutless tails, there tailless snouts; 
The only gainers were the pouts. 

MORAL 

From lower to the higher next, 
Not to the top is Nature's text; 
And embryo Good, to reach full stature, 
Absorbs the Evil in its nature. 

LOWELL 



THE TAILED AMPHIBIANS 



The best-known representatives of this 
group are the salamanders of various types. 
Barring accidents, a salamander retains its 
tail throughout life. Salamanders resem- 
ble lizards in shape, and many people 
have incorrectly called them lizards. It 
is not difficult to distinguish them, if 
one bears in mind that the covering 
of the salamander is rather soft and 
somewhat moist, while that of the 
lizard is rather dry and in the form of 
scales. 

The red-backed salamander lacks the 
amphibian habits usual to the group; it 
lives on land during its entire life. The 
eggs are laid in a small cluster, in a decay- 
ing log or stump; the adult is often to be 
found quite near the egg cluster. On the 



other extreme, the mud puppies and hell- 
benders spend their entire lives in the 
water. They are rarely seen, live chiefly 
under rocks in stream beds, and feed 
chiefly at night. 

The many local forms of amphibians 
offer excellent opportunities for interest- 
ing outdoor studies. Of the tailed am- 
phibians, the newt is considered in detail, 
and pictures of other representative sala- 
manders are shown. 

SUGGESTED READING Backyard Explo- 
ration, by Paul G. Howes; Nature by 
Seaside and Wayside, by Mary G. Phil- 
lips and Julia M. Wright, Book 4, Our 
Earth and Its Life; The Pond Book, by 
Walter P. Porter and Einar A. Hansen: 
also, readings on page 170. 



THE NEWT OR EFT 

One of the most commonly seen sala- or woodland paths, and since they are 

manders is the newt or eft. After a rain rarely seen except after rain, the wise 

in spring or summer, we see these little people of old declared they rained down, 

orange-red creatures sprawling along roads which was an easy way of explaining their 



ANIMALS 




A spotted salamander in natural surroundings 



presence. But the newts do not rain down, 
they rain up instead, since if they have 
journeys to make they must needs go forth 
when the ground is damp; otherwise they 
would dry up and die. Thus, the newts 
make a practice of not going out except 
when the ground is rather moist. A closer 
view of the eft shows plenty of peculiari- 
ties in its appearance to interest us. Its 
colors are decidedly gay, the body color 
being orange, ornamented with vermilion 
dots along each side of the back, each red 
dot being usually margined with tiny black 
specks; but the eft is careless about these 
decorations and may have more spots on 
one side than on the other. Besides these 
vermilion dots, it is also adorned with 
black specks here and there, and espe- 
cially along its sides looks as if it had been 
peppered. The newt's greatest beauty lies 
in its eyes; these are black, with elongated 
pupils, almost parallel with the length of 
the head, and bordered above and below 
with bands of golden, shining iris which 
give the eyes a fascinating brilliancy. The 



nostrils are mere pinholes in the end of 
the snout. 

The legs and feet look queerly inade- 
quate for such a long body, since they 
are short and far apart. There are four 
toes on the front feet and five on the 
hind feet, the latter being decidedly 
pudgy. The legs are thinner where they 
join the body and wider toward the feet. 
The eft can move very rapidly with its 
scant equipment of legs. It has a mis- 
leading way of remaining motionless for 
a long time and then darting forward like 
a flash, its long body falling into graceful 
curves as it moves. But it can go very 
slowly when exploring; it then places its 
little hands cautiously and lifts its head as 
high as its short arms will allow, in order 
to take observations. Although it can see 
quite well, yet on an unusual surface, like 
glass, it seems to feel the way by touch- 
ing its lower lip to the surface as if to test 
it. The tail is flattened at the sides and 
is used to twine around objects in time of 
need; and I ara sure it is also used to 



AMPHIBIANS 



189 



push the eft while crawling, for it curves 
this way and that vigorously, as the feet 
progress, and obviously pushes against the 
ground. Then, too, the tail is an aid when, 
by some chance, the eft is turned over on 
its back, for with its help it can right itself 
speedily. The eft's method of walking is 
interesting; it moves forward one front 
foot and then the hind foot on the other 
side; after a stop for rest, it begins just 
where it left off when it again starts on. 
Its beautiful eyes seem to serve the newt 
well indeed, for I find that, when it sees 
my face approaching the moss jar, it 
climbs promptly over to the other side. 
There are no eyelids for the golden eyes, 
but the eft can pull them back into its 
head and close the slit after them, thus 
making them very safe. 

The eft with whose acquaintance I was 
most favored was not yet mature and was 
afraid of earthworms; but he was very fond 
of plant lice and it was fun to see the 
little creature stalking them. A big rose 
plant louse would be squirming with satis- 
faction as it sucked the juice of the leaf, 
when the eft would catch sight of it and 
become greatly excited, evidently holding 
his breath, since the pulsating throat 
would become rigid. There was a particu- 
larly alert attitude of the whole front part 
of the body and especially of the eyes and 
the head; then the neck would stretch 
out long and thin, and the orange snout 
approach stealthily to within half an inch 
of the smug aphid. Then there would be a 
flash as of lightning, something too swift 
to see coming out of the eft's mouth and 
swooping up the unsuspecting louse. Then 





Red-spotted newt stalking plant lice 



S. C. Bishop 

Giant or California newt, Triturus torosus. 
About ponds and streams from- lower Cali- 
jornia to Alaska this newt may be seen; its 
body is stout and is about six inches long 

there would be a gulp or two and all 
would be over. If the aphid happened to 
be a big one, the eft made visible effort 
to swallow it. Sometimes his ef tship would 
become greatly excited when he first saw 
the plant louse, and he would sneeze and 
snort in a very comical way, like a dog 
eager for game. 

This is the history of this species as 
summarized from Mrs. S. H. Gage's 
charming Story of Little Red Spot. The 
egg is laid in some fresh-water pond or the 
still borders of some stream where there 
is a growth of water weed. The egg, which 
is about the size of a sweet pea seed, is fas- 
tened to a water plant. It is covered with a 
tough but translucent envelope, and has 
at the center a little yellowish globule. In 
a little less than a month the eft hatches, 
but it looks very different from the form 
with which we are most familiar. It has 
gray stripes upon its sides and three tiny 
bunches of red gills on each side, just 
back of its broad head. The keeled tail 
is long and very thin. The newt is an ex- 
pert swimmer and breathes water as does 
a fish. After a time it becomes greenish 
above and buff below, and by the middle 
of August it develops legs and has changed 
its form so that it is able to live upon 
land; it no longer has gills; soon the coat 
changes to the bright orange hue which 
makes the little creature so conspicuous. 
The newt usually keeps hidden among 
moss, or under leaves, or in decaying 
wood, or in other damp and shady places; 
but after a rain, when the whole world is 
damp, it feels confidence enough to go out 
in the open and hunt for food. For about 
two and a half years it lives upon land; 
then it returns to the water. When this 



TAILED AMPHIBIANS- 



1 and 2. SPOTTED SALAMANDER, Ambystoma 
maculatum. The adults are 6 inches long or 
more; the body is glistening black with prom- 
inent yellow spots. These, like other salamanders, 
are entirely harmless; they neither bite nor 
scratch. Their egg-masses are deposited during 
early spring, while the water is still very cold, in 
swampy areas or stagnant pools, and are often 
attached to sticks or to submerged parts of plants. 
While the eggs are developing, a greenish color, 
caused by the presence of numerous algae, 
appears in the gelatin of the egg-mass. This 
seems to be peculiar to the egg-mass of this sala- 
mander, and biologists are trying to learn the 
reason for it. 

Range: Locally in central North America 
from Wisconsin and Nova Scotia southward. 
Habitat: Damp dark places during most of 
the year. In spring they migrate to ponds to 
breed. 

3. RED SALAMANDER, Pseudotriton ruber. 
Adults are about 6 inches long; young adults 
are coral red with irregular black spots; older 
adults are somewhat purplish brown; the eggs, 
laid in autumn, are attached to the underside 
of a stone in a stream. 

Range: Locally from New York to Georgia, 
westward to the Mississippi River. Habitat: 
Under flat stones in shallow water. 

4. MARBLED SALAMANDER, Ambystoma 
opacum. Adults are about 5 inches long, bluish 
beneath and slaty gray on the back, with about 
14 grayish-white bars. The creature is not likely 
to be mistaken for any other large salamander 
found within its range, because the others are 
marked with yellow. 

Range: Eastern and central North America. 
Habitat: Under flat stones or in burrows in 
the soil. 



5. MUD PUPPY, Necturus rnaculosus. This Range: The central portion of the Missis- 
animal, which looks like a huge salamander, sippi drainage basin. Habitat: Caves. 

Photographs, except Figure 2, by S. C. Bishop; Figure 2 by Charles E. Mohr 



has no scales, and its body is shiny. It does 
not come out on land, 

Range: Eastern and central United States. 
Habitat: Rivers and lakes. 

6. TIGER SALAMANDER, Ambystoma ti- 
grinum. This is a large, dark brown, yellow-* 
splotched salamander. The young, which are 
called Axolotl, may even breed while still re- 
taining their external gills and living in the 
water. 

Range: The United States east of the Cas- 
cades. 

7. SLIMY SALAMANDER, Plethodon glutino- 
sus. Adults are about 5 to 6 inches long. The 
body, which is very sticky, has a ground color of 
black; the speckles vary from white to gray or 
even silver. The belly has a dull lead color which 
may or may not be flecked with white. 

Range: New York to Wisconsin, south to 
Florida and Texas. 

8. SLENDER SALAMANDER, Batrachoseps 
attenuatus. The body of this salamander is 
slender, the legs are small and weak, and the 
tail is long. The color in general is brown, but 
slightly lighter on the back than on the belly 
and sides. 

Range: The Pacific slope from southwestern 
Oregon to California. 

9. CAVE SALAMANDER, Typhlotriton spe- 
Iseus. This inconspicuous salamander has a 
uniformly pale almost while body. The 
eyes are rudimentary and are somewhat con- 
cealed by the skin. 

Range: The Ozark plateau region of Arkan- 
sas, Kansas, and Missouri. Habitat: Caves. 

10. CAVE SALAMANDER, Eurycea lucifuga. 
The back of this salamander is vermilion or 
orange, with irregular dark brown or black 



1 9 2 



ANIMALS 



impulse comes upon it, it may be far 
from any stream; but it seems to know 
instinctively where to go. After it enters 
the water, it is again transformed in color, 
becoming olive-green above and buff be- 
low, although it still retains the red spots 




i? it 

Anna Stryke 

Early stage of vermilion-spotted newt. Eggs 
of newt attached to water plant 

along the back; and it also retains its pep- 
per-like dots. Its tail develops a keel which 
extends along its back and is somewhat 
ruffled. 

The male has the hind legs very large 
and flat; the lighter-colored female has 
more delicate and smaller legs. It is here 
in the water that the efts find their mates 
and finish careers which must surely have 
been hazardous. During its long and var- 
ied life, the eft often sheds its skin like 
the snake; it has a strange habit of swal- 
lowing its cast-off coat. 

SUGGESTED READING Along the Brook, 
by Raymond T. Fuller; also, readings on 
pages 170 and 185. 



LESSON 48 

THE NEWT OR EFT 

LEADING THOUGHT -The newts are 
born in the water and at first have gills. 
Later they live on land and have lungs 
for breathing air; then they go back to the 
water and again develop the power of 
breathing the oxygen contained in water; 
they also develop a keeled tail. 

METHOD The little, orange eft or red- 



spotted salamander may be kept in an 
aquarium which has in it an object, such 
as a stone or a clump of moss, which pro- 
jects above the water. For food it should 
be given small earthworms or leaves cov- 
ered with plant lice. In this way it may be 
studied at leisure. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Look at the eft 
closely. Is it all the same color? How many 
spots upon its back and what colors are 
they? Are there the same number of spots 
on both sides? Are there any spots or idots 
besides these larger ones? How does the 
eft resemble a toad? 

2. Is the head the widest part of the 
body? Describe the eyes, the shape and 
color of the pupil and of the iris. How 
does the eft wink? Do you think it can 
see well? 

3. Can you see the nostrils? How does 
the throat move and why? 

4. Are both pairs of legs the same size? 
How many toes on the front feet? How 
many toes on the hind feet? Does the eft 
toe in with its front feet like a toad? 

5. Does it move more than one foot 
at a time when walking? Does it use the 
feet on the same side in two consecutive 
steps? After it puts forward the right 
front foot what foot follows next? Can it 
move backward? 

6. Is the tail as long as the head and 
body together? Is the tail round or flat at 
the sides? How is it used to help the eft 
when traveling? Does the tail drag or is it 
lifted, or does it push by squirming? 

7. How does the eft act when startled? 
Does it examine its surroundings? Do you 
think it can see and is afraid of you? 

8. Why do we find more of these crea- 
tures during wet weather? Why do people 
think they rain down? 

9. What does the eft eat? How does 
it catch its prey? Does it shed its skin? 
How many kinds of efts have you seen? 

10. From what kind of egg does the 
eft hatch? When is this egg laid? How 
does it look? On what is it fastened? 



REPTILES 



Yet when a child and barefoot, I more than once, at morn, 
Have passed, I thought, a whiplash imbraided in the sun ? 
When, stooping to secure it, it wrinkled, and was gone. 

EMILY DICKINSON 



The animals in the reptile group have a 
covering of bony plates or scales. These 
animals vary greatly in size and shape and 
include such forms as snakes, lizards, tur- 
tles, crocodiles, and alligators. They make 
their homes in a great variety of places; 
the alligators, the crocodiles, and some of 
the snakes and turtles live in or near water, 
while many of the snakes and lizards are 
quite at home in desert regions. 

If the teacher could bring herself to 
take as much interest as did Mother Eve 
in that " subtile animal/ 7 as the Bible 
calls the serpent, she might, through such 
interest, enter the paradise of the boyish 
heart instead of losing a paradise of her 
own. How many teachers, who have an 
aversion for snakes, are obliged to teach 
small boys whose pet diversion is cap- 
turing these living ribbons and bringing 
them into the schoolroom stowed away 
not too securely in pockets! In one of the 
suburban Brooklyn schools, boys of this 
stripe sought to frighten their teacher with 
their weird prisoners. But she was equal 
to the occasion, and surprised them by de- 
claring that there were many interesting 
things to be studied about snakes, and 
forthwith sent to the library for books 
which discussed these reptiles; and this 
was the beginning of a nature-study club 
of rare efficiency and enterprise. 

There are abroad in the land many 
erroneous beliefs concerning snakes. Most 
people believe that they are all venomous, 
which is far from true. The rattlesnake 
still holds its own in rocky, mountainous 
places, and the moccasin haunts the bay- 
ous of the southern coast; however, in 
most localities, snakes are not only harm- 
less but are beneficial to the farmer. The 
superstition that if a snake is killed, its 



tail will live until sundown is general 
and has but slender foundation in the fact 
that with snakes, which are lower in their 
nerve-organization than mammals, the 
process of death is a slow one. Some peo- 
ple firmly believe that snakes spring or 
jump from the ground to seize their prey, 
which is quite false since no snake jumps 
clear of the ground as it strikes, nor does 
it spring from a perfect coil. Nor are 




F. Harper 

Alligator, Alligator mississippiensis. Alli- 
gators may reach a length of twelve feet; they 
live in or about rivers and swamps of tropical 
and sub-tropical regions. Their food consists 
chiefly of fish, mammals, and waterfowl. They 
are unique among reptiles in being able to 
produce a loud bellowing noise. In the past, 
alligators have been ruthlessly slaughtered 
and even now need more protection 

snakes slimy; on the contrary, they are 
covered with perfectly dry scales. But the 
most general superstition of all is that a 
snake's thrusting out its tongue is an act 
of animosity; the fact is, the tongue is a 
sense organ and is used as an insect uses its 
feelers or antennae, and the act is also 
supposed to aid the creature in hearing; 
thus when a snake thrusts out its tongue, 
it is simply trying to find out about its 
surroundings and what is going on. 

Snakes are the only creatures able to 
swallow objects larger than themselves. 




ANIMALS 



F. Harper .and A. A. Wright 

Alligator eggs. More than 30 eggs may be 
laid by one jemale alligator; they are placed 
above water level in a nest of swamp vegeta- 
tion. When hatching, the young alligators are 
about 8 inches long. Turtle eggs, often- laid in 
the same pile of vegetation, are shown in the 
foreground 

This is rendered possible by the elasticity 
of the body walls, and by the fact that 
snakes have an extra bone hinging the 
upper to the lower jaw, allowing them to 
spread widely; the lower jaw also separates 
at the middle of its front edge and spreads 
apart sidewise. In order to force a creature 
into a " bag " so manifestly too small, a 
special mechanism is needed; the teeth 
supply this by pointing backward, and 
thus assisting in the swallowing. The 
snake moves by literally walking on the 
ends of its ribs, which are connected with 
the crosswise plates on its lower side; each 
of these crosswise plates has the hind edge 
projecting down so that it can hold to an 
object. Thus, the graceful, noiseless prog- 
ress of the snake is brought about by 
many of these crosswise plates worked 
by the movement of the ribs. 



Some species of snakes simply chase 
their prey, striking at it and catching it 
in the open mouth, while others, like the 
pilot black snake, wind themselves about 
their victims and crush them to death. 
Snakes can live a long time without food; 
many instances on record show that they 
have been able to exist a year or more 
without anything to eat. In our northern 
climate they hibernate in winter, going 
to sleep as soon as the weather becomes 
cold and not waking up until spring. As 
snakes grow, they shed their skins; this 
occurs only two or three times a year. 
The crested flycatcher adorns its nest with 
these phantom snakes. 

SUGGESTED READING Along Nature's 
Trails, by Lillian C. Athey; Animals in the 
Sun, by William W. Robinson; Back- 
yard Exploration, by Paul G. Howes; 
Desert Neighbors, by Edith M. Patch and 
Carroll L. Fenton; Nature by Seaside 
and Wayside, by Mary G. Phillips and 
Julia M. Wright, Book 4, Our Earth and 
Its Life; Our Great Outdoors, Reptiles, 
Amphibians and Fishes, by C. W. G. 
Eifrig; Out-of-Doors A Guide to Na- 
ture, by Paul B. Mann and George T. 
Hastings; The Pond Book, and Fields 
and Fencerows, both by Walter P. Porter 
and Einar A. Hansen; Reptiles and Am- 
phibians, Tli err Habits and Adaptations, 
by Thomas Barbour; Reptiles of North 
America, Snakes of the World, Reptiles 
of the World, The Book of Living Rep- 
tiles, all by Raymond L. Ditmars; Snakes 
Alive and How They Live, by Clifford H. 
Pope; The Stir of Nature, by William 
H. Carr; see also Bibliography. 



THE GARTER OR GARDEN SNAKE 

A chipmunk, or a sudden-whirring quail, 

Is startled by my step as on I fare. 
A gartersnafee across the dusty trail, 
Glances and is not there. 

RILEY 



Garter snakes can be easily tamed, and 
are ready to meet friendly advances half 
way. A handsome yellow-striped, black 



garter lived for four years beneath our 
porch and was very friendly and unafraid 
of the family. The children of the campus 



REPTILES 




Garter snakes 



made it frequent visits., and never seemed 
to be weary of watching it; but the birds 
objected to it very much, although it 
never attempted to reach their nests in 
the vine above. The garter snakes are the 
most common of all, in our northeastern 
states. They vary much in color; the 
ground color may be olive, brown, or 
black, and down the center of the back 
is usually a yellow, green, or whitish stripe, 
usually bordered by a darker band of 
ground-color. On each side is a similar 
stripe, but not so brightly colored; some- 
times the middle stripe and sometimes 
the side stripes are broken into spots or 
absent; the lower side is greenish white or 
yellow. When fully grown this snake is 
two to two and one-half feet in length. 

The garters are likely to congregate in 
numbers in places favorable for hiberna- 
tion, like rocky ledges or stony sidehills. 
Here each snake finds a safe crevice, or 
makes a burrow which sometimes extends 
a yard or more underground. During the 
warm days of Indian summer, these winter 



hermits crawl out in the middle of the 
day and sun themselves, retiring again to 
their hermitages when the air grows chilly 
toward night; and when the cold weather 
arrives, they go to sleep and do not awaken 
until the first warm days of spring; then, 
if the sun shines hot, they crawl out and 
bask in its welcome rays. 

After the warm weather comes, the 
snakes scatter to other localities more fa- 
vorable for finding food, and thus these 
hibernating places are deserted during the 
summer. The banks of streams and the 
edges of woods are places which furnish 
snakes their food, which consists of earth- 
worms, insects, toads, salamanders, frogs, 
etc. The young are born from late July 
to mid September and are about six inches 
long at birth; one mother may have in her 
brood from eleven to fifty snakelings; she 
often stays with them only a few hours. 
There are many stories about the way 
the young ones run down the mother's 
throat in case of attack; but as yet no 
scientist has seen this act or placed it 




ANIMALS 



A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Common garter snake 
Thamnophis sirtalis sirtalis 

on record. The little snakes shift for their 
own food, catching small toads, earth- 
worms, and insects. If it finds food in 
plenty, the garter snake will mature in 
one year. Hawks, crows, skunks, weasels, 
and other predacious animals seem to find 
the garter snake attractive food. 

SUGGESTED READING - Holiday Hill, by 
Edith M. Patch; also, readings on page 
194. 



LESSON 49 
THE GARTER OR GARDEN SNAKE 

LEADING THOUGHT The garter snake 
is a common and harmless little creature 
and has many interesting habits which are 
worth studying. 

METHOD A garter snake may be cap- 
tured and placed in a box with a glass 
cover and thus studied in detail in the 
schoolroom, but the lesson should begin 
with observations made by the children 
on the snakes in their native haunts. 

OBSERVATIONS - 1 . What are the col- 
ors and markings of your garter snake? 
Do the stripes extend along the head as 
well as the body? How long is it? 

2. Describe its eyes, its ears, its nostrils, 
and its mouth. 

3. If you disturb it how does it act? 
Why does it thrust its tongue out? What 
shape is its tongue? 

4. In what position is the snake when 



it rests? Can you see how it moves? Look 
upon the lower side. Can you see the little 
plates extending crosswise? Do you think 
it moves by moving these plates? Let it 
crawl across your hand, and see if you can 
tell how it moves. 

5. What does the garter snake eat? Did 
you ever see one swallow a toad? A frog? 
Did it take it head first or tail first? 

6. Where does the garter spend the 
winter? How early does it appear in the 
spring? 

7. At what time of year do you see 
the young snakes? Do the young ones 
run down the throat of the mother for 
safety when attacked? Does the mother 
snake defend her young? 

8. What enemies has the garter snake? 



No life in earth or air or sy; 

The sunbeams, broken silently, 

On the bared rocks around me lie, 

Cold roclcs with half warmed lichens 

scarred, 

And scales of moss; and scarce a yard 
Away, one long strip, yellow-barred. 

Lost in a cleft! Tis but a stride 
To reach it, thrust its roots aside, 
And lift it on thy stick astride! 

Yet stay! That moment is thy grace! 
For round thee, thrilling air and space, 
A chattering terror fills the place! 

A sound as of dry bones that stir, 
In the dead valley! By yon fir 
The locust stops its noon-day whir! 

The wild bird hears; smote with the sound, 

As if by bullet brought to ground 

On broken wing, dips, wheeling round! 

The hare, transfixed, with trembling lip, 
Halts breathless, on pulsating hip, 
And palsied tread, and heels that slip. 

Enough, old friend! 'tis thou. Forget 
My heedless foot, nor longer fret 
The peace with thy grim castanet! 
From " CROTALTJS 

(THE RATTLESNAKE)/' 
BRET HARTE 



REPTILES 



197 



THE MILK SNAKE OR SPOTTED ADDER 

The grass divides as with a comb,, a spotted shaft is seen, 
And then it closes at your feet, and opens farther on. 

EMILY DICKINSON 



This is the snake which Is said to milk 
cows, a most absurd belief; it would not 
milk a cow if it could, and it could not if 
it would. It has never yet been induced 
to drink milk when in captivity; and if it 
were very thirsty, it could not drink more 
than two teaspoonfuls of milk at most; 
thus in any case, its depredations upon the 
milk supply need not be feared. Its ob- 
ject in frequenting milk houses and sta- 
bles is far other than the milking of cows, 
for it is an inveterate hunter of rats and 
mice and is thus of great benefit to the 
farmer. It is a constrictor, and squeezes 
its prey to death in its coils. 

The ground color of the milk snake is 
pale gray, but it is covered with so many 
brown or dark gray saddle-shaped blotches, 
that they seem rather to form the ground 
color; the lower side is white, marked 
with square black spots and blotches. The 
snake attains a length of two and one-half 
to three feet when fully grown. Although 
it is commonly called the spotted adder, 
it does not belong to the adders at all, 
but to the family of the king snakes. 

During July and August, the mother 
snake lays from seven to twenty eggs; they 
are deposited in loose soil, in moist rub- 
bish, in compost heaps, etc. The egg is a 
symmetrical oval in shape and is about 
one and one-eighth inches long by a half 
inch in diameter. The shell is soft and 
white, like kid leather, and the egg resem- 
bles a puffball. The young hatch nearly 
two months after the eggs are laid; mean- 
while the eggs have increased in size so 
that the snakelings are nearly eight inches 
long when they hatch. The saddle-shaped 
blotches on the young have much red 
in them. The milk snake is not venomous; 
it will sometimes, in defense, try to chew 
the hand of the captor, but the wounds 



it can inflict are very slight and heal 
quickly. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
page 194. 

LESSON 50 

THE MILK SNAKE OR SPOTTED ADDER 
LEADING THOUGHT The milk snake is 
found around stables where it hunts for 
rats and mice; it never milks the cows. 

METHOD Although the snake acts 
fierce, it is perfectly harmless and may be 
captured in the hands and placed in a 
glass-covered box for a study in the school- 
room. 

OBSERVATIONS-!. Where is the milk 
snake found? Why is it called milk snake? 
Look at its mouth and see if you think 
it could possibly suck a cow. See if you 
can get the snake to drink milk. 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Milk make 
Lampropeltis triangulum triangulum 



198 



ANIMALS 



2. What does it live upon? How does 
it kill its prey? Can the milk snake climb 
a tree? 

3. Where does the mother snake lay 
her eggs? How do the eggs look? How 
large are they? How long are the little 
snakes when they hatch from the egg? 
Are they the same color as the old ones? 

4. Describe carefully the colors and 
markings of the milk snake and explain 
how its colors protect it from observation. 
What are its colors on the underside? 

5. Have you ever seen a snake shed its 
skin? Describe how it was done. How does 
the sloughed-off skin look? What bird usu- 
ally puts snake skins around its nest? 

I have the same objection to killing a 
snake that I have to the killing of any 
other animal, yet the most humane man I 
know never omits to kill one. 

Aug. 5, 1853. 

The mower on the river meadows, 
when lie comes to open his hay these days, 



encounters some overgrown water adder, 
full of young (?) and bold in defense of 
its progeny, and tells a tale when lie comes 
home at night which causes a shudder to 
run through the village how it came at 
him and he ran, and it pursued and over- 
tooJc him, and he transfixed it with a pitch- 
fort and laid it on a cock of hay, but it 
revived and carne at him again. This is the 
story he tells in the shops at evening. The 
big snake is a sort of fabulous animal. It is 
always as big as a man's arm and of in- 
definite length. Nobody knows exactly 
how deadly is its bite but nobody is known 
to have been bitten and recovered. Irish- 
men introduced into these meadows for 
the first time, on seeing a snake, a creature 
which they have seen only in pictures be- 
fore, lay down their scythes and run as if 
it were the Evil One himself and cannot 
be induced to return to their work. They 
sigh for Ireland, where they say there is 
no venomous thing that can hurt you. 

THOREAU'S JOURNAL 



THE WATER SNAKE 



Every boy who goes fishing knows the 
snake found commonly about milldams 
and wharves or on rocks and bushes near 
the water. The teacher will have accom- 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Common water snake 
Natrix sipedon sipedon 



plished a great work, if these boys are 
made to realize that this snake is more 
interesting as a creature for study, than 
as an object to pelt with stones. 

The water snake is a dingy brown in 
color, with cross-bands of brown or reddish 
brown which spread out into blotches at 
the side. Its color is very protective as 
it lies on stones or logs in its favorite atti- 
tude of sunning itself. It is very local in 
its habits, and generally has a favorite 
place for basking and returns to it year 
after year on sunny clays. 

This snake lives mostly upon frogs and 
salamanders and fish; however, it preys 
usually upon fish of small value, so it is of 
little economic importance. It catches its 
victims by chasing and seizing them in 
its jaws. It has a very keen sense of smell 
and probably traces its prey in this man- 
ner, something as a hound follows a fox. 
It is an expert swimmer, usually lifting 
the head a few inches above the water 
when swimming, although it is able to 



REPTILES 



199 



dive and remain below the water for a 
short time. 

The water snake is a bluffer, and, when 
cornered, it flattens itself and strikes 
fiercely. But its teeth contain no poison 
and it can inflict only slight and harmless 
wounds. When acting as if it would 
" rather fight than eat," if given a slight 
chance to escape, it will flee to the water 
like a " streak of greased lightning," as 
any boy will assure you. 

The water snake may attain a length of 
about four feet; but the usual size is two 
and one-half to three feet. The young do 
not hatch from eggs, but are born alive 
in August and September; they differ 
much in appearance from their parents 
as they are pale gray in color, with jet- 
black cross-bands. The young often num- 
ber twenty-five to forty and are about eight 
inches long. 

SUGGESTED READING Along the Brook, 
by Raymond T. Fuller; Field Book of 
Ponds and Streams, by Ann H. Morgan; 
also, readings on page 194. 

LESSON 51 

THE WATER SNAKE 

LEADING THOUGHT The water snake 
haunts the banks of streams because its 
food consists of creatures that live in and 
about water. 

METHOD If water snakes are found in 
the locality, encourage the boys to capture 
one without harming it, and bring it to 
school for observation. However, as the 
water snake is very local in its habits, and 
haunts the same place year after year, it 
will be better nature-study to get the chil- 
dren to observe it in its native surround- 
ings. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where is the water 
snake found? How large is the largest one 
you ever saw? 

2. Why does the water snake live near 
water? What is its food? How does it 
catch its prey? 



3. Describe how the water snake swims. 
How far does its head project above 
the water when swimming? How long 
can it stay completely beneath the 
water? 

4. Describe the markings and colors 
of the water snake. How do these colors 
protect it from observation? How do the 
young look? 

5. Does each water snake have a favor- 
ite place to which it will usually go to sun 
itself? 

6. Where do the water snakes spend the 
winter? 

May 12, 1858. 

Found a large water adder by the edge 
of Farmer's large mudhole, which abounds 
with tadpoles and frogs, on which it was 
probably feeding. It was sunning on the 
bank and would face me and dart its head 
toward me when I tried to drive it from 
the water. It is barred above, but indis- 
tinctly when out of the water, so that it 
appears almost uniformly dark brown, but 
in the water, broad, reddish brown bars are 
seen, very distinctly alternating with very 
dark-brown ones. The head was very flat 
and suddenly broader than the neck be- 
hind. Beneath, it was whitish and reddish 
flesh-color. It was about two inches in 
diameter at the thickest part. The inside 
of its mouth and throat was pink. They 
are the biggest and most formidable-look- 
ing snakes that we have. It was awful to 
see it wind along the bottom of the ditch 
at last, raising wreaths of mud amid the 
tadpoles, to which it must be a very sea- 
serpent. I afterward saw another, running 
under Sam Barrett's grist-mill, the same 
afternoon. He said that he saw a water- 
snake, which he distinguished from a 
black snake, in an apple tree near by, last 
year, with a young robin in its mouth, 
having taken it from the nest. There was 
a cleft or fork in the tree which enabled 
it to ascend. 

THOREAU'S JOURNAL 



SNAKES 



1. RIBBON SNAKE, Thamnophis sauritus 
sauritus. This slender , harmless snake feeds 
chiefly upon earthworms and young frogs and 
toads. 

Range: From Maine, Ontario, and Michi- 
gan to Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi. 
Habitat: Swamps and moist places. 

2. CORAL SNAKE, Micrurus fulvius fulvius. 
This beautiful snake is extremely poisonous. 
Few persons are bitten by it, however, for it is 
nocturnal in habit and during the day it hides 
in burrows. Moreover, it does not strike, as 
most snakes do, but bites into the flesh and 
chews. It injects so much venom in that way 
that when it does attack its bite is very dangerous. 
This dangerous coral snake can be easily dis- 
tinguished from certain other snakes, which 
appear to mimic its coloration, by the yellow 
bands which separate its black from its red 
bands. Look out for the snake with the yellow 
bands! Gentle though it may seem, do not play 
with it. 

3. RUBBER BOA, Charina bottse. Often 
spoken of as blind, this boa does have rudi- 
mentary eyes, which are, however, almost use- 
less. 

Range: In humid regions from Utah and 
Montana to the Pacific coast. 

4. ROUGH GREEN SNAKE, Opheodrys es- 
tivus. Gentle and harmless, this snake is chiefly 
insectivorous. It can seldom be induced to bite, 
and when it does so, its teeth rarely break the 
skin. 

Range: From New Jersey south to the Gulf 
of Mexico and west to Missouri and New 
Mexico. Habitat : Trees and bushy places. 

5. TIMBER RATTLER, Crotalus horridus. In 
North America, this rattlesnake is the best 
known and the most widely distributed. It is 
more variable in color than is any other rattler. 
In winter, great numbers hibernate in the same 

Photographs by A. A, 



area, and in early spring, when there is a warm 
day, may crawl out into the sunshine. They 
usually remain near the den and again seek its 
protection if the temperature drops appreciably. 
The food of the timber rattler consists chiefly of 
warm-blooded animals such as birds, rats, mice, 
and rabbits. It is generally 3 to 5 feet long. 

Range: Eastern United States to Mississippi 
Valley states. Habitat: More various than that 
of any other rattler; it is found in both swampy 
and mountainous regions. 

6. DESERT GOPHER SNAKE or BULL SNAKE, 
Pituophis catenifer deserticola. This useful 
snake, which feeds chiefly on rodents, is in 
some states protected by law. The length of 
an adult is usually more than 4 feet. 

Range: Southern California to Idaho and 
Washington. Other bull snakes are found from 
British Columbia to Mexico. Habitat: Desert 
areas. 

7. RING-NECKED SNAKE or EASTERN RING- 
NECKED SNAKE, Diadophis punctatus ed~ 
wardsii. The food of this snake shows great 
variety; it includes other small snakes, lizards, 
salamanders, and earthworms. 

Range: Species are found generally over 
southern Canada, the United States, and 
Mexico. Habitat: Under old boards, loose 
stones, or pieces of bark. 

8. SIDEWINDER or HORNED RATTLESNAKE, 
Crotalus cerastes. Its peculiar means of loco- 
motion gives this snake its name: the body is 
thrown forward in a series of large loops, and 
moves at an angle from the direction in which 
the head is pointed. This way of getting over 
the ground seems better adapted than the gait 
of most snakes would be to life in sandy deserts, 
to which the sidewinder's habitat is virtually 
limited. It is known to feed on such animals as 
pocket mice, kangaroo rats, and lizards. 

Range: Lower California to southwest Utah. 

and A. H. Wright 



SNAKES 



1. PIKE-HEADED TREE SNAKE or AEIZONA 
LONG-HEADED SNAKE, Oxybelis micropthala- 
mus. This gentle, slender snake can produce 
a poisonous bite, which it uses to paralyze its 
prey. It feeds chiefly on lizards and various small 
animals. 

Range: In the United States, southern 
Arizona. Habitat: Trees. 

2. PILOT BLACK SNAKE, Elaphe obsoleta 
obsoleta. Rats and other small rodents are the 
food of this useful snake. Adults are usually 
5J^ feet long, but have reached a length of 7 and 
8 feet. 

Range: From southern New England west- 
ward to Michigan, southward to Florida and 
Texas. 

3. COPPERHEAD, Agkistrodon mokasen 
mokasen. The copperhead is common in many 
parts of the United States, and is probably 
responsible for more bites than is any other kind 
of snake. Deaths from its bite have been recorded, 
but reports from the Antivenin Institute over a 
period of two years show that although in this 
time more than three hundred persons were 
bitten, there were no fatalities, whether or not 
treatment was given. The food of the copperhead 
consists mainly of insects, birds, small rodents, 
and amphibians. It is rather sluggish in habits, 
and, when molested, usually tries to escape; but 
if it is taken by surprise or cornered, it defends 
itself vigorously. 

Range: Massachusetts to Florida and west- 
ward to Arkansas and Texas. Habitat: The 
copperhead usually inhabits drier ground than 
its relative the moccasin (No. 6). 

4. BOYLE'S KING SNAKE or BOYLE'S MILK 
SNAKE, Lampropeltis getulus boylii. This 
snake belongs to a great group of king snakes, all 
of which do much good to farmers by destroying 
rodents and many other harmful creatures, in- 
cluding even poisonous snakes. 

Range: Arizona, western Nevada, and Cali- 
fornia. Other species are widely distributed. 

. Photographs by A. 



Habitat: Regions of small streams, especially 
where chaparral is present. 

5. GRAY PILOT SNAKE, Elaphe obsolete 
confinis. The habits of this snake are similar 
to those of the pilot black snake (No. 2). 

Range: The lower Mississippi Valley, South 
Atlantic, and Gulf states. 

6. WATER MOCCASIN or COTTONMOUTH, 
Agkistrodon piscivorus. This poisonous snake 
is heavier and larger than the copperhead, since 
it grows from 3 to 5 or even 6 feet in length. The 
name of cottonmouth has been given it because 
of the white appearance of the open mouth. It 
is found in regions of swamps or slow-flowing 
streams, and in sunny hours is often to be seen 
at rest on any object that overhangs the water; 
it stays in such a position that if danger appears 
it can dive into the water. It eats both warm- 
and cold-blooded animals, even including other 
snakes. The young are born alive. 

Range: From southern Virginia to Florida 
and the Gulf states. Habitat: Swampy areas. 

7. CALIFORNIA LYRE SNAKE, Trimorphodon 
vandenburghi. The bite of this slender, non- 
aggressive snake, which it uses to kill or numb 
the small animals that are its prey, is possibly 
poisonous to man. 

Range: California. Other snakes of this 
group are found in the southwestern United 
States, Mexico, and Central and South Amer- 
ica. 

8. SOUTHERN HOGNOSE SNAKE, Heterdon 
simus. When threatened, this harmless snake 
may "play possum"; or it may expand its body, 
flatten its head, and hiss. It seems to feel that 
all dead snakes should lie on their backs; for, if 
turned on its belly when playing dead, it will 
flop over on its back. After a short time, if it is 
not disturbed again, it will turn over and crawl 
away. Because their threatening actions and 
ferocious appearance have led people to con- 
sider them dangerous to man, many of these in- 
offensive snakes have been killed. 

Range : From Florida to Indiana. 

A. and A. H. Wright 



2O 4 



ANIMALS 



THE TURTLE 



A turtle is at heart a misanthrope; its 
shell is in itself proof of its owner's dis- 
trust of this world. But we need not won- 
der at this misanthropy, if we think for a 
moment of the creatures that lived on 
this earth at the time when turtles first 
appeared. Almost any of us would have 
been glad of a shell in which to retire if 
we had been contemporaries of the smilo 
don and other monsters of earlier geologic 
times. 

When the turtle feels safe and walks 
abroad for pleasure, his head projects far 
from the front end of his shell, and the 



r 




A, A. and A. H. Wright 

Mud turtle, Kinosternon subrubrum hip- 
pocrepis, viewed jrom above. Many species 
of mud turtles are found in the eastern, cen- 
tral, and southern United States. The one pic- 
tured is found from Alabama to Texas and 
north to Kansas. When in captivity, mud 
turtles will eat lettuce and meat 



legs, so wide and soft that they look as if 
they had no bones in them, project out at 
the side, while the little, pointed tail 
brings up an undignified rear; but frighten 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Mud turtle viewed from below 

him and at once head, legs, and tail all 
disappear, and even if we turn him over, 
we see nothing but the tip of the nose, 
the claws of the feet and the tail turned 
deftly sidewise. When frightened, he 
hisses threateningly; the noise seems to 
be made while the mouth is shut, and 
the breath emitted through the nostrils. 
The upper shell of the turtle is called 
the carapace and the lower shell, the 
plastron. There is much difference in the 
different species of turtles in the shape of 
the upper shell and the size and shape of 
the lower one. In most species the cara- 
pace is sub-globular but in some it is 
quite flat. The upper shell is grown fast to 
the backbone of the animal, and the 
lower shell to the breastbone. The mark- 



REPTILES 



205 



ings and colors of the shell offer excellent 
subjects for drawing. The painted terra- 
pin has a red-mottled border to the shell, 
very ornamental; the wood turtle has a 
shell made up of plates each of which 
is ornamented with concentric ridges; and 
the box turtle has a front and rear trap 
door, which can be pulled up against the 
carapace when the turtle wishes to retire, 
thus covering it entirely. 

The turtle's head is decidedly snakelike. 
Its color differs with different species. The 
wood turtle has a triangular, horny cover- 
ing on the top of the head, in which the 
color and beautiful pattern of the shell 
are repeated; the underparts are brick-red 
with indistinct yellowish lines under the 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Painted turtle, or terrapin, Chrysemys belli 
marginata. The painted turtle pictured is 
found from the Mississippi River eastward; 
but species can be jound anywhere in the 
United States except in deserts and very high 
mountains. This turtle often swims about 
rocks and logs that protrude above the water 

jaw. The eyes are black with a yellowish 
iris ? which somehow gives them a look 
of intelligence. The turtle has no eyelids 
like our own, but has a nictitating mem- 
brane which comes up from below and 
completely covers the eye; if we seize 
the turtle by the head and attempt to 
touch its eyes, we can see the use of this 
eyelid. When the turtle winks, it seems to 
turn the eyeball down against the lower 
lid. 

The turtle's nostrils are mere pinholes 
in the snout. The mouth is a more or less 
hooked beak, and is armed with cutting 
edges instead of teeth. The constant pul- 
sation in the throat is caused by the tur- 
tle's swallowing air for breathing. 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Chicken turtle, Deirochelys reticularia. 
This turtle is at home on the coastal plain 
from North Carolina to Mississippi. Its high 
shell may reach a length of eight inches; its 
neck is long and snakelike 

The turtle's legs, although so large and 
soft, have bones within them, as the skele- 
ton shows. The claws are long and strong; 
there are five claws on the front and four 
on the hind feet. Some species have a 
distinct web between the toes; in others 
it is less marked, depending upon whether 
the species lives mostly in water or out 
of it. The color of the turtle's body varies 
with the species; the body is covered with 
coarse, rough skin which frequently bears 
many scales or plates. Thus, large bright- 
colored scales are conspicuous on the fore 
legs of the wood turtle, and the tail of 
the snapping turtle bears a saw-toothed 
armor of dorsal plates. 

The enemies of turtles are the larger 
fishes and other turtles. Two turtles 
should never be kept in the same aquar- 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 



Diamond back terrapin, Malaclemys cen- 
trata. The home of the diamond back is in 
salt marshes from Florida to Massachusetts. 
In captivity it will eat lettuce, oysters, beef, 
chopped clams, or fish. Its flesh is used as 
meat and for making soup 



206 



ANIMALS 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Florida snapper, Chelydra osceola, viewed 
from above. Snappers live in slow-running 
streams, ponds, or marshes; the female often 
goes some distance from her regular home to 
bury her round, white eggs usually about 
two dozen in number. 

ium ? since they eat each other's tails and 
legs with great relish. They feed upon 
insects, small fish, or almost anything soft- 
bodied which they can find in the water; 
they are especially fond of earthworms. 
The species which frequent the land feed 
upon tender vegetation and also eat ber- 
ries. In an aquarium, a turtle should be 
fed earthworms, chopped fresh beef, let- 
tuce leaves, and berries. The wood turtle 
is especially fond of cherries. 

The aquarium should always have in 
it a stone or some other object projecting 
above the water, so that the turtle may 




climb out, if it chooses. In winter, water 
turtles may bury themselves in the ooze 
at the bottom of ponds and streams. The 
land turtles dig themselves into the earth. 
Their eggs have white leathery shells, are 
oblong or round, and are buried by the 
mother in the sand or soil near a stream 
or pond. The long life of turtles is a well- 
authenticated fact; dates carved upon 
their shells show them to have attained 
the age of thirty or forty years. 
The following are common kinds: 
(a) The Snapping Turtle This some- 
times attains a shell fourteen inches long 
and a weight of forty pounds. It is a vicious 



r 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Florida snapper viewed from below 



A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Gopher turtle, Gopherus berlandieri. These 
turtles are related to the huge turtles of the 
Galapagos Islands. The one pictured is found 
in the Rio Grande region; but the range of the 
gopher turtles extends widely through the 
South and the Southwest 

creature and inflicts a severe wound with 
its sharp, hooked beak; it should not be 
used for a nature-study lesson unless the 
specimen is very young. The large alligator 
snapper of the South may attain a weight 
of one hundred pounds. 

(b) The Mud Turtle - The musk tur- 
tle and the common mud turtle both in- 
habit slow streams and ponds; they are 
truly aquatic and only come to shore to 
deposit their eggs. They cannot eat unless 
they are under water, and they seek their 
food in the muddy bottoms. The musk 
turtle, when handled, emits a very strong 
odor; it has on each side of the head two 
broad yellow stripes. The mud turtle has 
no odor. Its head is ornamented with 
greenish yellow spots. 

(c) The Painted Terrapin, or Pond 
Turtle This can be determined by the 



REPTILES 



red mottled border of its shell. It makes 
a good pet, if kept in an aquarium by it- 
self, but will destroy other creatures. It 
will eat meat or chopped fish, and is fond 
of earthworms and soft insects. It finds 
its food most readily under water. 

(d) The Spotted Turtle -This has 
the upper shell black with numerous 
round yellow spots upon it. It is common 
in ponds and marshy streams and its fa- 
vorite perch is upon a log with many of 
its companions. It feeds under water, eat- 
ing insect larvae, dead fish, and vegetation. 
It likes fresh lettuce. 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Spotted turtle, Clemmys guttata. The 
range of the spotted turtles extends jrom 
Michigan to Maine and south to Florida. In 
captivity they often become very tame; they 
prefer raw food earthworms, aquatic in- 
sects, ground beef, or fish 

(e) The Wood Terrapin This is our 
most common turtle; it is found in damp 
woods and wet places, since it lives largely 
upon the land. Its upper shell often 
reaches a length of six and one-half inches 
and is made up of many plates, orna- 
mented with concentric ridges. This is 
the turtle upon whose shell people carve 
initials and dates and then set it free. 
All the fleshy parts of this turtle, except 
the top of the head and the limbs, are 
brick-red. It feeds on tender vegetables, 
berries, and insects, but also enjoys 
chopped meat. It makes an interesting 
pet and will soon learn to eat from the 
fingers of its master. 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Eggs of spotted turtle 
Clemmys guttata 

(f) The Box Turtle This is easily 
distinguished from the others, because the 
front and rear portions of the lower shell 
are hinged so that they can be pulled up 
against the upper shell. When this turtle 
is attacked, it draws into the shell and 
closes both front and back doors, and is 
very safe from its enemies. It lives entirely 
upon land and feeds upon berries, tender 
vegetation, and insects. It ? too, in captivity 
will eat chopped meat. It lives to a great 
age. 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

A young wood turtle 
Clemmys insculpta 



208 



ANIMALS 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Box turtle, Terrapene major. One or more 
species of box turtle can be found in almost 
any portion of the United States from the 
Rocky Mountains eastward 

(g) The Soft-shelled Turtle These 
are found in streams and canals. The up- 
per shell looks as if it were of one piece 
of soft leather, and resembles a griddle- 
cake. The neck is very long and the 
head particularly snakelike with a piglike 
snout. Although soft-shelled, these turtles 
are far from soft-tempered, and must be 
handled with care. In captivity they must 
be kept in water. 

SUGGESTED READING Along the Brook, 
by Raymond T. Fuller; Field Book of 
Ponds and Streams, by Ann H. Morgan; 
First Lessons in Nature Study, and Holi- 
day Pond, both by Edith M. Patch; Hum- 
phrey: One Hundred Years along the 
Wayside with a Box Turtle, by Marjorie 
Flack; The Spring of trie Year, by Dallas 
Lore Sharp (Turtle Eggs for Agassiz); 
also, readings on page 194. 




A. A. and A. H. Wright 

Soft-shelled turtle, Amyda emoryi. The 
species pictured is found in Texas, Oklahoma, 
and Arkansas; other species may be found 
from Canada south to the Gulf and as jar 
west as Colorado 



LESSON 52 
THE TURTLE 



LEADING THOUGHT The turtle's shell 
is for the purpose of protecting its owner 
from the attack of enemies. Some turtles 
live upon land and others in water. 

METHOD A turtle of any kind, in the 
schoolroom, is all that is needed to make 
this lesson interesting. 

OBSERVATIONS i . How much can you 
see of the turtle when it is walking? If 




A snapping turtle 



J. T. Lloyd 



you disturb it what does it do? How much 
of it can you see then? Can you see more 
of it from the lower side than from the 
upper? What is the advantage to the tur- 
tle of having such a shell? 

2. Compare the upper shell with the 
lower as follows: How are they shaped 
differently? What is their difference in 
color? Would it be a disadvantage to the 
turtle if the upper shell were as light col- 
ored as the lower? Why? Make a drawing 
of the upper and the lower shell showing 
the shape of the plates of which they are 
composed. Where are the two grown to- 
gether? 

3. Is the border of the upper shell dif- 
ferent from the central portion in color 
and markings? Is the edge smooth or scal- 
loped? 



REPTILES 



209 



4. How far does the turtle's head pro- 
ject from the front of the shell? What is 
the shape of the head? With what colors 
and pattern is it marked? Describe the 
eyes. How are they protected? How does 
the turtle wink? Can you discover the 
little eyelid which comes up from below 
to cover the eye? 

5. Describe the nose and nostrils. Do 
you think the turtle has a keen sense of 
smell? 

6. Describe the mouth. Are there any 
teeth? With what does it bite off its food? 
Describe the movement of the throat. 
What is the cause of this constant pulsa- 
tion? 

7. What is the shape of the leg? How 
is it marked? How many claws on the 
front feet? Are any of the toes webbed? 
On which feet are the webbed toes? Why 



should they be webbed? Describe the way 
a turtle swims. Which feet are used for 
oars? 

8. Describe the tail. How much can 
be seen from above when the turtle is 
walking? What becomes of it, when the 
turtle withdraws into its shell? 

9. How much of the turtle's body can 
you see? What is its color? Is it rough or 
smooth? 

10. What are the turtle's enemies? 
How does it escape from them? What 
noise does the turtle make when fright- 
ened or angry? 

11. Do all turtles live for part of the 
time in water? What is their food and 
where do they find it? Write an account 
of all the species of turtles that you know. 

12. How do turtle eggs look? Where are 
they laid? How are they hidden? 



LIZARDS 



1 and 2. BANDED GECKO, Coleonyx brevis. 
The gecko, a male, shown in (1) has lost the 
tip of its fragile tail In (2) another gecko, a 
female, is pictured with a complete tail. An 
interesting fact about these creatures is that 
after the tail has been lost another complete 
tail may later be regenerated. This is char- 
acteristic of lizards. The banded gecko is 2 to 
3 inches long, and is yellow and brown in 
color; its small scales give it a very soft, smooth 
appearance. 

Range: Found only in Texas. Habitat: 
Under stones; it comes out at night. 

3. CHAMELEON, Anolis carolinensis. This 
well-known lizard changes color with tempera- 
ture conditions: it may fade from dark brown 
to pale green in three minutes. Often seen in 
captivity, it can be fed on meal worms and 
flies; it needs water to drink. 

Range: North Carolina and Florida to the 
Rio Grande. 

4. FENCE LIZARD, Sceloporus thayeri. Like 
other lizards, this animal eats insects. It is 
about 5 inches long. 

5. GLASS SNAKE or LEGLESS LIZARD, 
Ophisaurus ventralis. This long, slender lizard 
is smooth and glassy. It has a ground color of 
olive, black, or brown, with greenish to black 
markings, and a greenish white on the under 
portions of the body. The long tail makes up 
about two-thirds of the total length of the animal. 
An average full-grown specimen is about 24 
inches long, but some individuals may attain a 
length of 3 feet. Like most other lizards, the glass 
snake, if seized, can shed its tail. While its 
astonished pursuer gazes at the tail, the body 
escapes. A new tail begins to grow at once, but 
it seems never to grow quite as large as the orig- 
inal. The glass snake can be distinguished from 
a true snake by an ear opening on each side of 
the head, by numerous rows of small, overlapping 
scales on its belly, and by movable eyelids. 

Range: Virginia to Florida westward to 



Nebraska, Wisconsin, and Mexico. Habitat; 
Chiefly in the ground. 

6. ALLIGATOR LIZARD or PLATED LIZARD, 
Gerrhonotus inf emails. Whatever this lizard 
hears must "go in one ear and out the other"; 
for one can look through the ear openings directly 
through the head. These lizards, which are 
about 18 inches long, make interesting pets. 

Range: Southern Texas and northern Mex- 
ico. 

7. SONORAN SKINK, Eumeces obsoletus. 
Skinks are seldom seen in captivity, for they 
are hard to capture. They are active in day- 
light. The females of some skinks stay with 
their eggs until they hatch. 

Range: Utah and Kansas to northern Mex- 
ico. Other kinds are widely distributed over 
North and Central America; there are many 
in the Old World. 

8. GILA MONSTER, Heloderma suspectum. 
As far as is known, no two gila monsters show 
exactly the same color patterns. Orange, salmon, 
and brown or black are the chief colors, but they 
are variously arranged. This and the closely re- 
lated Mexican beaded lizard are the only poison- 
ous lizards known in the New World. In the 
gila monster the poison glands are situated in 
the lower jaw and the venom flows out around 
the teeth and gums* Therefore, since the teeth 
are above the level of the glands, the poison some- 
times does not enter a wound made by the teeth. 
This lizard is rather sluggish and quite often 
will not bite even if it is given a good chance to 
do so. When it does bite, it holds on with a strong 
grip. In walking it moves slowly and seems 
awkward, but it is active enough to climb trees 
and bushes, evidently in search of bird's eggs, of 
which it is very fond. If it is given plenty of 
drinking water, it can be kept in captivity for 
years on a diet of hen's eggs. 

Range: Arizona and New Mexico. Habitat; 
Deserts. 



Photographs by A. A. and A. H. Wright 



LIZARDS 



1 and 2. REGAL HORNED TOAD, Phrynosoma 
solare. This lizard is called " regal " because 
the row of spines across the sides and rear of 
the head gives the effect of a crown. Its color 
is yellowish, brownish, reddish, or grayish. 
The eggs are shown in No. 2. 

Range: Arizona and Lower California. 
Other kinds are found throughout the western 
and southwestern states and northern Mexico. 

3. HORNED TOAD, Phrynosoma blainvillii. 
These lizards, commonly called (l horned toads" 
are inhabitants of hot, dry regions. In the warmer 
months they live above ground during the hours 
of daylight, and are most active when the heat 
is greatest. Before dark they bury themselves 
in the sand. They hibernate in winter. In color 
they often resemble somewhat the ground where 
they live. A strange habit of the horned toad is 
that cf " squirting blood " from one or both eyes, 
perhaps as a means of self-defense. The blood 
has not been found to be poisonous, and must 
be ejected more to scare than actually to injure 
the enemy. The horned toad can be tamed, and 
is often kept for a pet. All too often, however, its 
owner does not provide enough of the right kind 
of food various kinds of small insects for it, 
and in such circumstances its ability to live for 
a long time without food or water serves only to 
prolong its discomfort. In the Southwest these 
lizards are sometimes stuffed and sold to tourists 
as souvenirs, but some states have passed laws 
prohibiting such sales. 

Range: San Francisco into Lower Cali- 
fornia. 

4. HORNED TOADS FEEDING ON ANTS. In 
this picture several kinds of horned toads are 
shown feeding on ants in a pile of sand. They 
did not dash into the pile, but stood about it 
in a circle and caught the ants as they came out. 

5. MALE FENCE LIZARD, Sceloporus spino- 
sus. On either side of the belly the male lizard 

Photographs by A. 



has a large blue or purple spot margined with 
black. Such marks are used to identify many 
male lizards. 

Range: Northern Mexico, New Mexico, and 
Texas to western Florida. Habitat: Trunks of 
standing or fallen trees. 

6. MOUNTAIN BOOMER or COLLARED LIZ- 
ARD, Crotaphytus collaris baileyi. This un- 
usual looking animal makes a good pet if enough 
food can be provided for it. It lives chiefly on 
insects and blossoms of various plants, but it 
also has cannibalistic habits, and so must not 
be kept in a cage with other lizards of equal or 
smaller size. It is found about rocks at high 
altitudes. If alarmed or pursued, it runs until it 
can find a crevice in the rocks. It is a swift 
runner and a high jumper, being able to clear 
an object as much as two feet high. In the hottest 
part of the day its colors seem brighter than 
during the cooler hours. 

Range: Southwestern United States and 
Mexico. Habitat: Dry, rocky regions. 

7. WHIP-TAIL or RACE RUNNER, Cnemi- 
dophorus gularis. These striped lizards are 
active all day under the hottest sun in open 
areas. In the specimen pictured here, note the 
balls of dirt on its toes from running in soft 
dirt after a rain. 

Range: Southwestern United States and 
northern Mexico. A six-line race runner is 
common in the East. 

8. CHUCK-WALLA, Sauromalus obesus. This 
large lizard, 10 to 16 inches long, is a vege- 
tarian. It protects itself by escaping into 
crevices. This specimen ran into a crevice and 
puffed himself up to such a size that it was 
hard to get him out. 

Range: Southwestern United States. Habi- 
tat: Rocky places in desert areas. 

A. and A. H. Wright 



MAMMALS 



Mammals, in contrast to fishes, am- 
phibians, and reptiles, are warm-blooded 
animals, as are birds. The skin of most 
mammals is more or less hairy, in con- 
trast to the scale-covered fish and the 
feathered birds. The young of most mam- 
mals are born alive, whereas the young of 
birds, fish, amphibians, and some species 




Marthe Ann, one year old. Human beings are 
mammals 

of reptiles hatch from eggs. After birth 
young mammals breathe by lungs rather 
than by gills as do the fish; for a time they 
are nourished with milk produced by the 
mother. 

Great variations exist in the mammal 
group. Some of the typical animals in the 
mammal group which illustrate these vari- 
ations are opossum, armadillo, whale, 
deer, buffalo, rabbit, mouse, woodchuck, 
mole, bat, bear, horse, cat, dog, and man. 

Man has always depended a great deal 
on the lower mammal forms; he uses 
them for food, clothing, transportation, 
and numerous other purposes. Many 



forms are domesticated and have served 
as man's obedient servants for many cen- 
turies. 

Some of the so-called game animals 
have suffered wanton destruction at the 
hands of " civilized man/ 7 but in more 
recent years many laws and regulations 
have been passed to give these animals 
more chances to live. Even more stringent 
laws are needed and rigid enforcement 
must be exacted if wild animals in gen- 
eral are to be expected to increase in 
number. 

SUGGESTED READING Along Nature's 
Trails, by Lillian C. Athey; Animals of 
America, edited by H. E. Anthony; The 
Book about Animals, published by Fred- 
erick Warne and Company; Field Boole 
of North American Mammals, by H. E. 
Anthony; Homes and Habits of Wild 
Animals, by Karl P. Schmidt; Lives of 
Game Animals, by Ernest Thompson 
Seton; Nature by Seaside and Way- 
side, by Mary G. Phillips and Julia M. 
Wright, Book 4, Our Earth and Its Life; 
Our Great Outdoors, Mammals, by C. 
W. G. Eifrig; Our Wild Animals, by 
Edwin L. Moseley; Out of Doors: A 
Guide to Nature, by Paul B. Mann and 
George T. Hastings; The Picture Book of 
Animals, The Second Picture Book of 
Animals, both by Isabel E. Lord; Present 
Day Mammals, by Claude W. Leister; 
The Stir of Nature, by William H. Carr; 
Tracks and Trails, by Leonard Rossell; 
Wild Animals of North America, by E. 
W. Nelson; additional references are to 
be found in the bibliography in the back 
of this Handbook, under various head- 
ings: Mammals, Animals in General, 
Nature-study in General, Textbooks 
and Readers, Nature Poetry, Magazines 
and Periodicals, Books for Parents and 
Teachers. 



MAMMALS 



215 



THE COTTON-TAIL RABBIT 

The Bunnies are a feeble folk whose weakness is their strength. 

To shun a gun a Bun will run to almost any length. OLIVER HERFORD 



It is well for Molly Cotton-tail and her 
family that they have learned to shun 
more than guns, for almost every preda- 
tory animal and bird makes a dinner of 
them on every possible occasion. But de- 
spite these enemies, moreover, with the 
addition of guns, men, and dogs, the 
cotton-tail lives and flourishes in our 
midst. A " Molly " raised two families last 
year in a briar-patch back of our garden 
on the Cornell campus, where dogs of 
many breeds abound; and after each fresh 
fall of snow this winter we have been able 
to trace our bunny neighbors in their 
night wanderings around the house, be- 
neath the spruces and in the orchard. 
The track consists of two long splashes, 
paired, and between and a little behind 
them, two smaller ones; the rabbit uses 
its front feet as a boy uses a vaulting pole 
and lands the hind feet on each side and 
ahead of them; because the bottoms of the 
feet are hairy the print is not clear-cut. 
When the rabbit is not in a hurry it has a 
peculiar lope, but when frightened it 
makes long jumps. The cotton-tails are 
night wanderers and usually remain hid- 
den during the day. In summer, they feed 
on clover or grass or other juicy herbs and 
show a fondness for sweet apples and fresh 
cabbage; in our garden last summer Molly 
was very considerate. She carefully pulled 
all the grass out of the garden-cress bed, 
leaving the salad for our enjoyment. In 
winter, the long, gnawing teeth of the 
cotton-tail are sometimes used to the dam- 
age of fruit trees and nursery stock since 
the rabbits are obliged to feed upon bark 
in order to keep alive. 

The long, strong hind legs and the long 
ears tell the whole bunny story. Ears to 
hear the approach of the enemy, and legs 
to propel the listener by long jumps to 
a safe retreat. The attitude of the ears 



is a good indication of the bunny's state 
of mind; if they are set back to back and 
directed backward, they indicate placidity, 
but a placidity that is always on guard; if 
lifted straight up they signify attention 
and anxiety; if one is bent forward and the 
other backward the meaning is: "Now 
just where did that sound come from? " 




A cotton-tail rabbit 

When the rabbit is running or resting in 
the form, the ears are laid back along the 
neck. When the cotton-tail stands up on 
its haunches with both ears erect, it looks 
very tall indeed. 

Not only are the ears always alert, but 
also the nose; the nostrils are partially 
covered and in order to be always sure of 
getting every scent they wabble con- 
stantly, the split upper lip aiding in this 
performance; when the rabbit is trying 
to get a scent it moves its head up and 
down in a sagacious, apprehensive man- 
ner. 

The rabbit has an upper and lower 



2l6 



ANIMALS 




Verne Morton 

The rabbits' ears are ever alert for any sign 
of danger 

pair of incisors like other rodents, but on 
the upper jaw there is a short incisor be- 
hind each of the large teeth; these are of 
no use now but are inherited from some 
ancestor which found them useful. There 
are at the back of each side of the upper 
jaw six grinding teeth, and five on each 
side of the lower jaw. The split upper 
lip allows the free use of the upper in- 
cisors. The incisors are not only used for 
taking the bark from trees, but also for 
cutting grass and other food. The rabbit 
has a funny way of taking a stem of grass 
or clover at the end and with much wab- 
bling of lips finally taking it in, mean- 
while chewing it with a sidewise motion 
of the jaws. The rabbit's whiskers are val- 
uable as feelers, and are always kept on 
the qui vfve for impressions; when two 
cotton-tails meet each other amicably, 
they rub whiskers together. The eyes are 
large and dark and placed on the bulge 
at the side of the head, so as to command 
the view both ways. Probably a cotton- 
tail winks, but I never caught one in the 
act. 

The strong hind legs of the rabbit en- 
able it to make prodigious jumps, of eight 
feet or more; this is a valuable asset to 
an animal that escapes its enemies by 
running. The front feet are short and can- 
not be turned inward like those of the 
squirrel, to hold food. There are five toes 



on the front feet, and four on the hind 
feet; the hair on the bottom of the feet 
is a protection, much .needed by an ani- 
mal which sits for long periods upon the 
snow. When sleeping, the rabbit folds the 
front paws under and rests on the entire 
hind foot, with the knee bent, ready for a 
spring at the slightest alarm; when awake, 
it rests on the hind feet and front toes; and 
when it wishes to see if the coast is clear, 
it rises on its hind feet, with front paws 
drooping. 

The cotton-tail has a color well calcu- 
lated to protect it from observation; it is 
brownish-gray on the back and a little 
lighter along the sides, grayish under the 
chin and whitish below; the ears are edged 
with black, and the tail when raised shows 
a large, white fluff at the rear. The gen- 
eral color of the rabbit fits in with nat- 
ural surroundings; since the cotton-tail 
often escapes its enemies by " freezing," 
this color makes the scheme work well, 
I once saw a marsh hare, on a stone in 
a brook, " freezing " most successfully. I 
could hardly believe that a living thing 
could seem so much like a stone; only its 
bright eyes revealed it to us. 

The rabbit cleans itself in amusing 
ways. It shakes its feet one at a time 
with great vigor and rapidity to get off 
the dirt and then licks them clean. It 
washes its face with both front paws at 
once. It scratches its ear with the hind 
foot, and pushes it forward so that it can 
be licked; it takes hold of its fur with its 
front feet to pull it around within reach 
of the tongue. 

The cotton-tail does not dig a burrow, 




A Dutch rabbit and Belgian hares 



MAMMALS 



217 



but sometimes occupies the deserted bur- 
row of a woodchuck or skunk. Its nest 
is called a " form/' which simply means 
a place beneath a cover of grass or briars, 
where the grass is beaten down or eaten 
out for a space large enough for the ani- 
mal to sit. The mother prepares a shal- 
low excavation in which she makes a soft 
bed for the young, using grass and her 
own hair for the purpose; and she con- 
structs a coarse felted coverlet, under 
which she tucks her babies with care 
every time she leaves them. Young rab- 
bits are blind at first, but when about 
three weeks old are sufficiently grown to 
run quite rapidly. Although there may be 
five or six in a litter, yet there are so many 
enemies that only a few escape. 

Fox, mink, weasel, hawk, owl, snake, 
and occasionally red squirrel all relish the 
young cotton-tail if they can get it. Noth- 
ing but its runways through the briars can 
save it. These roads wind in and out and 
across, twisting and turning perplexingly; 
they are made by cutting off the grass 
stems, and are just wide enough for the 
rabbit's body. However, a rabbit has 
weapons and can fight if necessary; it leaps 
over its enemy, kicking it on the back 
fiercely with its great hind feet. Mr. Seton 
tells of this way of conquering the black 
snake, and Mr. Sharp saw a cat completely 
vanquished by the same method. Mr. E. 
W. Cleeves told me of a Belgian doe 
which showed her enmity to cats in a 
peculiar way. She would run after any cats 
that came in sight, butting them like a billy 
goat. The cats soon learned her tricks, and 
would climb a tree as soon as they caught 
sight of her. The rabbit can also bite, and 
when two males are fighting, they bite 
each other savagely. The rabbit's sound of 
defiance is thumping the ground with the 
strong hind foot. Some have declared that 
the front feet are used also for stamping; 
although I have heard this indignant 
thumping more than once, I could not see 
the process. The cotton-tail and the com- 
mon domestic rabbit are true rabbits. The 
jack rabbit is a true hare. 

Not the least of tributes to the rabbit's 
sagacity are the Negro folk stories told 



"by Uncle Remus, wherein Brer Rabbit, 
although often in trouble, is really the 
most clever of all the animals. I have 
often thought when I have seen the tac- 
tics which rabbits have adopted to escape 
dogs, that we in the North have under- 
rated the cleverness of this timid animal. 
In one instance at least that came under 
our observation, a cotton-tail led a dog 
to the verge of a precipice, then doubled 




Rabbits playing in the moonlight 

back to safety, while the dog went over, 
landing on the rocks nearly three hundred 
feet below. 

An interesting relative of the cotton- 
tail is the varying hare or snow-shoe rabbit 
that lives in the wooded regions of north- 
eastern North America. Of all animals he 
is one of the most defenseless; foxes, 
mink, and other flesh-eating inhabitants 
of the woods find him an easy prey. He has 
not even a burrow to flee to when pur- 
sued by his enemies. 

He passes the day half asleep and mo- 
tionless beneath the sheltering branches 
of a low fir tree or in a dense thicket. With 
the coming of night he starts off in search 
of food. 

He has one important advantage over 
his enemies: twice each year his heavy 
coat of fur is shed. In the summer the 
coat is a reddish brown that so blends 
with his surroundings that he is hardly 
noticeable; in the winter it is perfectly 



2l8 



ANIMALS 



white so that against a background of 
snow he is nearly invisible. 

SUGGESTED READING Farm Animals, 
by James G. Lawson; Holiday Hill, by 
Edith M. Patch; Mother Nature Series, 
by Fannie W. Dunn and Eleanor Trox- 
ell, Book i, Baby Animals; The Museum 
Comes to Life, by Maribelle Cormack 
and William P. Alexander; Our Backdoor 
Neighbors, by Frank C. Pellett; The Pet 
Boole, by Anna B. Cornstock; Wild Ani- 
mals I Have Known, or Lobo r Rag and 
Vixen, both by Ernest Thompson Seton; 
also, readings on page 214. 

LESSON 53 
THE COTTON-TAIL RABBIT 

LEADING THOUGHT The cotton-tail 
thrives amid civilization; its color protects 
it from sight; its long ears give it warning 
of the approach of danger; and its long 
legs enable it to run by swift, long leaps. 
It feeds upon grasses, clover, vegetables, 
and other herbs. 

METHOD This study may be begun 
in the winter, when the rabbit tracks can 
be observed and the haunts of the cotton- 
tail discovered. If caught in a box trap, 
the cotton-tail will become tame if prop- 
erly fed and cared for, and may thus be 
studied at close range. The cage I have 
used for rabbits thus caught is made of 
wire screen nailed to a frame, making a 
wire-covered box two feet high and two or 
three feet square, with a door at one side 
and no bottom. It should be placed upon 
oilcloth or linoleum, and thus may be 
moved to another carpet when the floor 
needs cleaning. If it is impossible to study 
the cotton-tail, the domestic rabbit may 
be used instead. 

OBSERVATIONS i. What sort of tracks 
does the cotton-tail make in the snow? 
Describe and sketch them. Where do you 
find these tracks? How do you know 
which way the rabbit was going? Follow 
the track and see if you can find where 
the rabbit went. When were these tracks 
made, by night or by day? What does 
the rabbit do during the day? What does 
it find to eat during the winter? How are 



its feet protected so that they do not 
freeze in the snow? 

2. What are the two most noticeable 
peculiarities of the rabbit? Of what use 
are such large ears? How are the ears held 
when the rabbit is resting? When star- 
tled? When not quite certain about the 
direction of the noise? Explain the rea- 
sons for these attitudes. When the rabbit 
wishes to make an observation to see if 
there is danger coming, what does it do? 
How does it hold its ears then? How are 
the ears held when the animal is running? 

3. Do you think the rabbit has a keen 
sense of smell? Describe the movements 
of the nostrils and explain the reason. 
How does it move its head to be sure of 
getting the scent? 

4. What peculiarity is there in the up- 
per lip? How would this be an aid to the 
rabbit when gnawing? Describe the teeth: 
how do these differ from those of the 
mouse or squirrel? Of what advantage are 
the gnawing teeth to the rabbit? How 
does it eat a stem of grass? Note the rab- 
bit's whiskers. What do you think they 
are used for? 

5. Describe the eyes. How are they 
placed so that the rabbit can see forward 
and backward? Do you think that it sleeps 
with its eyes open? Does it wink? 

6. Why is it advantageous to the rab- 
bit to have such long, strong hind legs? 
Compare them in size with the front legs. 
Compare the front and hind feet. How 
many toes on each? How are the bottoms 
of the feet protected? Are the front feet 
ever used for holding food like the squir- 
rel's? In what position are the legs when 
the rabbit is resting? When it is standing? 
When it is lifted up for observation? 

7. How does the cotton-tail escape be- 
ing seen? Describe its coat. Of what use is 
the white fluff beneath the tail? Have you 
ever seen a wild rabbit " freeze "? What 
is meant by " freezing " and what is the 
use of it? 

8. In making its toilet how does the 
rabbit clean its face, ears, feet, and fur? 

9. What do the cotton-tails feed upon 
during the summer? During the winter? 
Do they ever do much damage? 



MAMMALS 



2,19 



10. Describe the cotton-tail's nest. 
What is it called? Does it ever burrow in 
the ground? Does it ever use a second- 
hand burrow? Describe the nest made for 
the young by the mother. Of what is the 
bed composed? Of what is the coverlet 
made? What is the special use of the 
coverlet? How do the young cotton-tails 
look? How old are they before they are 
able to take care of themselves? 

11. What are the cotton-tail's enemies? 
How does it escape them? Have you ever 
seen the rabbit roads in a briar-patch? 
Do you think that a dog or fox could fol- 
low them? Do rabbits ever fight their ene- 



mies? If so, how? How do they show 
anger? Do they stamp with the front or 
the hind foot? 

12. Tell how the cotton-tail differs in 
looks and habits from the common tame 
rabbit. How do the latter dig their bur- 
rows? How many breeds of tame rabbits 
do you kno\v? 

13. Write or tell stories on the follow- 
ing topics: " A Cotton-tail's Story of 
Its Own Life until It Is a Year Old "; 
" The Jack Rabbit of the West "; " The 
Habits of the White Rabbit or Varying 
Hare "; " The Rabbit in Uncle Remus' 
Tales/' 




Silas Lottridge 



Winter lodge of muskrats 

THE MUSKRAT 

Having finished this first course of big-neclc clams, they were joined by a third 
muskrat, and, together, they filed over the bank and down into the meadow. Shortly 
two of them returned with great mouthfuls of the mud-bleached ends of calamus- 
blades. Then followed the washing. 

They dropped their loads upon the plank, took up the stalks, pulled the blades apart, 
and soused them up and down in the water, rubbing them with their paws until they 
were as clean and white as the whitest celery one ever ate. What a dainty picture/ 
Two little brown creatures, humped on the edge of a plank, washing calamus in 
moonlit water/ DALLAS LORE SHARP 



Tracking is a part of the education of 
every boy who aspires to a knowledge of 
wood lore; and a boy with this accom- 



plishment is sure to be looked upon with 
great admiration by other boys less 
skilled in the interpretation of that writ- 



220 



ANIMALS 




The Muskrat 



Silas Lottridge 



ing made by small feet on the soft snow 
or on the mud of stream margins. To 
such a boy, the track of the muskrat is 
well known and very easily recognized. 

The muskrat is essentially a water ani- 
mal, and therefore its tracks are to be 
looked for along the edges of ponds, 
streams, or in marshes. Whether the 
tracks are made by walking or jumping 
depends upon the depth of the snow or 
mud; if it is deep, the animal jumps, but 
in shallow snow or mud it simply runs 
along. The tracks show the front feet to 
be smaller than the hind ones. The musk- 
rat track is, however, characterized by the 
tail imprint. When the creature jumps 
through the snow, the mark of the tail 
follows the paired imprints of the feet; 
when it walks, there is a continuous line 
made by this strong, naked tail. This dis- 
tinguishes the track of the muskrat from 
that of the mink, as the bushy tail of the 
latter does not make so distinct a mark. 
Furthermore the claws of the feet show 
distinctly in a muskrat track; those of 
the mink do not. Measuring the track is 
a simple device for making the pupils 
note its size and shape more carefully. 
The tracks may be looked for during the 
thaws of March or February, when the 



muskrats come out of the water to seek 
food. 

In appearance the muskrat is peculiar. 
The body is usually about a foot in length 
and the tail about eight inches. The body 
is stout and thickset, the head is rounded 
and looks like that of a giant meadow 
mouse; the eyes are black and shining; 
the ears are short and close to the head; 
the teeth, like those of other rodents, 
consist of a pair of front teeth on each 
jaw, then a long, bare space, and then four 
grinders on each side. There are long 
sensitive hairs about the nose and mouth, 
like the whiskers of mice. 

The muskrat's hind legs are much 
larger and stronger than the front ones; 
the hind feet are likewise much longer 
than the front feet and have a web be- 
tween the toes; there are also stiff hairs 
which fill the space between the toes 
outside the web, thus making this large 
hind foot an excellent swimming organ. 
The front toes are not webbed and are 
used for digging. The claws are long, stout, 
and sharp. The tail is long, stout, and flat- 
tened at the sides; it has little or no fur 
upon it but is covered with scales; it is 
used as a scull and also as a rudder when 
the muskrat is swimming. 

The muskrat' s outer coat consists of 
long, rather coarse hairs; its under coat 
is of fur, very thick and fine, and although 
short, it forms a waterproof protection for 
the body of the animal. In color, the fur 
is dark brown above with a darker streak 
along the middle of the back; beneath, 
the body is grayish, changing to whitish 
on the throat and lips, with a brown spot 
on the chin. In preparing the pelts for 
commercial use, the long hairs are some- 




A muskrat' s summer home, drawn by A. 
MacKinnon, a boy of thirteen years 



MAMMALS 



221 



times plucked out leaving the soft, fine 
under coat, which is often dyed black 
and sold under the name of "" Hudson 
seal/' 

The muskrat is far better fitted by form 
for life in the water than upon the land. 
Since it is heavy-bodied and short-legged 
it cannot run rapidly, but its strong, 
webbed hind feet are most efficient oars, 
and it swims rapidly and easily; for rud- 
der and propeller the strong, flattened 
tail serves admirably, while the fine fur 
next the body is so perfectly waterproof 
that, however much the muskrat swims 
or dives, it is never wet. It is a skillful 
diver and can stay under water for several 
minutes; when swimming, its nose and 
sometimes the head and the tip of the 
tail appear on the surface of the water. 

The food of muskrats is largely roots, 
especially those of the sweet flag and the 
yellow lily. Muskrats also feed on other 
aquatic plants and are fond of the fresh- 
water shell-fish. Mr. Sharp tells us, in one 
of his delightful stories, how the musk- 
rats wash their food by sousing it up and 
down in water many times before eating 
it. Often, a muskrat chooses some special 
place upon the shore which it uses for a 
dining room, bringing there and eating 
pieces of lily root or fresh-water clams, 
and leaving the debris to show where it 
habitually dines. It does most of its hunt- 
ing for food at night, although sometimes 




Frank H. Steinicke 




A beaver lodge in winter. In the foreground 
is the " air hole! 3 In general this home looks 
like that of the muskrat, but it is larger and is 
made of coarser materials 



National Parks Bureau, Dominion of Canada 

Adult Beaver. The habits of beavers some- 
what resemble those of muskrats. Beavers 
may weigh from 40 to 60 pounds and reach 
a length of 40 inches. In North America they 
range from Hudson Bay and Alaska south 
into Mexico in the West and the southern 
Alleghenies in the East 

it may be seen thus employed during the 
day. 

The winter lodge of the muskrat is a 
most interesting structure. A foundation 
of tussocks of rushes, in a stream or shal- 
low pond, is built upon with reeds, mak- 
ing a rather regular dome which may be 
nearly two or three feet high; or, if many- 
chambered, it may be a grand affair of 
four or five feet elevation; but it always 
looks so much like a natural hummock 
that the eye of the uninitiated never re- 
gards it as a habitation. Beneath this 
dome and above the water line is a snug, 
covered chamber carpeted with a soft bed 
of leaves and moss, which has a passage 
leading down into the water below, and 
in some instances an air-hole. In these 
cabins, closely cuddled together, three or 
four in a chamber, the muskrats pass the 
winter. After the pond is frozen they are 
safe from their enemies except the mink 
and are always able to go down into the 
water and feed upon the roots of water 
plants. These cabins are sometimes built 
in the low, drooping branches of willows 
or on other objects. 

Whether the muskrat builds itself a 
winter lodge or not depends upon the 
nature of the shore which it inhabits; if 
it is a place particularly Stted for burrows, 
then a burrow will be used as a winter 



222 ANIMALS 

retreat; but if the banks are shallow, the 
muskrats unite in building cabins. The 
main entrance to the muskrat burrow is 
usually below the surface of the water, 
the burrow slanting upward and leading 
to a nest well lined, which is above the 
reach of high water; there is also often a 




National Parks Bureau, Dominion of Canada 

Young beavers feeding in the shallow water 
near the lower edge of a beaver dam 

passage, with a hidden entrance, leading 
out to dry land. 

The flesh of the muskrat is delicious, 
and therefore the animal has many ene- 
mies; foxes, weasels, dogs, minks, and also 
hawks and owls prey upon it. It is, in- 
deed, a good human food. It escapes the 
sight of its enemies as does the mouse, 
by having inconspicuous fur; when dis- 
covered, it escapes its enemies by swim- 
ming, although when cornered it is cou- 
rageous and fights fiercely, using its strong 
incisors as weapons. In winter, it dwells 
in safety when the friendly ice protects 
it from all its enemies except the mink; 
but it is exposed to great danger when 
the streams break up in spring, for it is 
then often driven from its cabin by floods, 
and preyed upon while thus helplessly 
exposed. 

It is called muskrat because of the odor, 
somewhat resembling musk, which it ex- 
cretes from two glands on the lower side 
of -the body between the hind legs; these 
glands may be seen when the skin is re- 



moved, which is the too common plight 
of this poor creature, since it is hunted 
mercilessly for its pelt. 

The little muskrats are bom in April 
and there are usually from three to seven 
in a litter. Another litter may be produced 
in June or July and a third in August or 
September. It is only thus, by rearing 
large families often, that the muskrats are 
able to hold their own against the hunters 
and trappers and their natural enemies. 

SUGGESTED READING The Beaver: Its 
Worlc and Its Ways, by Edward R. War- 
ren; Beaver Pioneers, by Wendell and 
Lucie Chapman; The Fall of the Year, 
and Winter, both by Dallas L. Sharp; also, 
readings on page 214. 

LESSON 54 
THE MUSKRAT 

LEADING THOUGHT - The muskrat, 
while a true rodent, is fitted for life in 
the water more than for life upon the 
land. Its hind feet are webbed for use as 
oars and its tail is used as a rudder. It 
builds lodges of cattails and rushes in 
which it spends the winter. 

METHOD It might be well to begin 
this work by asking for observations on 
the tracks of the muskrat which may be 
found about the edges of almost any 
creek, pond, or marsh. If there are musk- 
rat lodges in the region they should be 
visited and described. For studying the 
muskrat's form a live muskrat in captivity 
is almost necessary. The pupils can thus 
study it at leisure although they should 
not be allowed to handle the creature as 
it inflicts very severe wounds and is never 
willing to be handled. If a live muskrat 
cannot be obtained, perhaps some hunter 
in the neighborhood will supply a dead 
one for this observation lesson. 

While studying the muskrat the chil- 
dren should read all the stories of beavers 
which are available, as the two animals 
are very much alike in their habits. 

OBSERVATIONS i . In what locality 
have you discovered the tracks of the 
muskrat? Describe its general appearance. 
Measure the muskrat's track as follows: 



MAMMALS 



223 



(a) width and length of the print of one 
foot; (b) the width between the prints 
of the two hind feet; (c) the length be- 
tween the prints made by the hind feet in 
several successive steps or jumps. 

2. Was the muskrafs track made when 
the animal was jumping or walking? Can 
you see in it a difference in the size of 
the front and hind feet? Judging from 
the track, where do you think the musk- 
rat came from? What do you think it was 
hunting for? 

3. What mark does the tail make in 
the snow or mud? Judging by its imprint, 
should you think the niuskraf s tail was 
long or short, bare or brushy, slender or 
stout? 

4. How long is the largest muskrat you 
'3ver saw? How much of the whole length 
is tail? Is the general shape of the body 
short and heavy or long and slender? 

5. Describe the muskrat 7 s eyes, ears, 
and teeth. For what are the teeth espe- 
cially fitted? Has the muskrat whiskers 
like mice and rats? 

6. Compare the front and hind legs as 
to size and shape. Is there a web between 
the toes of the hind feet? What does 
this indicate? Do you think that the 
muskrat is a good swimmer? 

7. Describe the muskrat fur. Compare 
the outer and under coat. What is its 
color above and below? What is the name 
of muskrat fur in the shops? 

8. Describe the tail. What is its cover- 
ing? How is it flattened? What do you 
think this strong, flattened tail is used 
for? 

9. Do you think the muskrat is better 
fitted to live in the water than on land? 
How is it fitted to live in the water in the 
following particulars: Feet? Tail? Fur? 

10. How much of the muskrat can you 
see when it is swimming? How long can 
it stay under water when diving? 

11. What is the food of the muskrat? 
Where does it find it? How does it pre- 
pare the food for eating? Does it seek 
its food during the night or day? Have you 
ever observed the muskraf s dining room? 
If so, describe it. 

12. Describe the structure of the musk- 



rat's winter lodge, or cabin, in the follow- 
ing particulars: What is its size? Where 
built? Of what material? How many 
rooms in it? Are these rooms above or be- 
low the water level? Of what is the bed 
made? How is it arranged so that the en- 
trance is not closed by the ice? Is such a 
home built by one or more muskrats? How 
many live within it? Do the muskrats al- 
ways build these winter cabins? What is 
the character of the shores where they are 
built? 

13. Describe the muskrat's burrow in 
the bank in the following particulars: Is 
the entrance above or below water? 
Where and how is the nest made? Is it 
ventilated? Does it have a back door lead- 
ing out upon the land? 

14. What are the muskrat's enemies? 
How does it escape them? How does it 
fight? Is it a courageous animal? How does 
the muskrat give warning to its fellows 
when it perceives danger? At what time 
of year is it comparatively safe? At what 
time is it exposed to greatest danger? 

15. Why is this animal called muskrat? 
Compare the habits of muskrats with 




Leonard K. Beyer 

Trees felled by beavers. Unlike muskrats, 
beavers fell trees. They have cut these birches 
either to use the bark for food or the trunks 
jor reinforcement of a dam. In the back- 
ground, note the area covered by water held 
by a beaver dam 

those of beavers and write an English 
theme upon the similarity of the two. 

16. At what time of year do you find 
the young muskrats? How many in a 
litter? 



ANIMALS 




Nature Photography around the Year, Percy A. Morris, 
D. Appleton-Century Co., Inc. 



THE HOUSE MOUSE 

Somewhere in the darkness a clock strikes two; 
And there is no sound in the sad old house, 
But the long veranda dripping with dew, 
And in the wainscot a mouse. BRET HARTE 



Were mouse-gray a less inconspicuous 
color, there would be fewer mice; when 
a mouse is running along the floor, it is 
hardly discernible, it looks so like a flit- 
ting shadow; if it were black or white or 
any other color, it would be more often 
seen and destroyed. It has been very 
closely associated with man; as a result 
of this fact the species has been able to 
spread over the world. 

At first glance one wonders what pos- 
sible use a mouse can make of a tail which 
is as long as its body, but a little careful 
observation will reveal the secret. The tail 
is covered with transverse ridges and is 
bare save for sparse hairs, except toward 
the tip. Dr. Ida Revel ey first called my 
attention to the fact that the house mouse 
uses its tail in climbing. I verified this in- 
teresting observation, and found that my 



mouse used the tail for aid when climbing 
a string. He would go up the string hand 
over hand like a sailor, and then in trying 
to stretch to the edge of his jar, he in- 
variably wound his tail about the string 
two or three times, and hanging to the 
string with the hind feet and tail, would 
reach far out with his head and front feet. 
Also, when clinging to the edge of the 
cover of the jar, he invariably used his 
tail as a brace against the side of the glass, 
so that it pressed hard for more than half 
its length. Undoubtedly the tail is of great 
service in climbing up the sides of walls. 
The tail is also of some use when the 
mouse jumps directly upward. The hind 
legs are very much longer and stronger 
than the front legs. The hind feet are also 
much longer and larger than the front 
feet; and although the mouse, when it 



MAMMALS 



225 



makes its remarkable jumps, depends 
upon its strong hind legs, I am sure that 
often the tail is used as a brace to guide 
and assist the leap. The feet are free from 
hairs but are downy; the hind foot has 
three front toes, a long toe behind on the 
outside and a short one on the inside. 
The claws are fairly long and very sharp 
so that they are able to cling to almost 
anything but glass. When exploring, a 
mouse stands on its hind feet, folding its 
little front paws under its chin while it 
reaches up ready to catch anything in 
sight; it can stretch up to an amazing 
height. It feeds upon almost anything that 
people like to eat and, when eating, fre- 
quently holds its food in its front paws 
like a squirrel. 

The thin, velvety ears are flaring cornu- 
copias for taking in sound; the large, 
rounded outer ear can be moved forward 
or back to test the direction of the noise. 
The eyes are like shining, black beads; 
and if a mouse can wink, it does it so 
rapidly as not to be discernible. The nose 
is long, inquisitive, and always sniffing 
for new impressions. The whiskers are 
delicate and probably sensitive. The 
mouth is furnished with two long, curved 
gnawing teeth at the front of each jaw, 
then a bare space, and then four grinding 
teeth on each side, above and below, like 
the teeth of woodchucks and other ro- 
dents. The gnawing teeth are very strong 
and enable the mouse to gnaw through 
board partitions and other obstacles. 

The energy with which the mouse 
cleans itself is inspiring to behold. It 
nibbles its fur and licks it with fervor, 
reaching around so as to get at it from 
behind, and taking hold with its little 
hands to hold firm while it cleans. When 
washing its face and head, it uses both 
front feet, licking them clean and rub- 
bing them both simultaneously from be- 
hind the ears down over the face. It takes 
its hind foot in both front feet and nib- 
bles and licks it. It scratches the back of 
its head with its hind foot. 

Young mice are small, downy, pink, and 
blind when born. The mother makes for 
them a nice, soft nest of pieces of cloth, 



paper, grass, or whatever is at hand; the 
nest is round like a ball and at its center 
is nestled the family. Mice living in 
houses have runways between the plaster 
and the outside wall, or between ceiling 
and floor. In winter they live on what 
food they can find, and upon flies or other 
insects hibernating in our houses. The 
house mice sometimes live under stacks 
of corn or grain in the fields, but usually 
confine themselves to houses or barns. 




Verne Morton 

Young field mice, blind, pink, and hairless 

They are thirsty little fellows and they 
like to make their nests within easy reach 
of water. 

Our house mice came from ancestors 
which lived in Asia originally; they have 
always been great travelers and they have 
followed men wherever they have gone, 
over the world. They came to America on 
ships with the first explorers and the Pil- 
grim fathers. They now travel back and 
forth, crossing the ocean in ships of all 
sorts. They also travel across the continent 
on trains. Wherever our food is carried 
they go; and the mouse which you see in 
your room one day may be a thousand 
miles away within a week. They are clever 
creatures, and learn quickly to connect 
cause and effect. For two years I was in an 
office in Washington, and while there I 
observed that as soon as the bell rang for 
noon, the mice would appear instantly, 
hunting wastebaskets for scraps of lunch. 
They had learned to connect the sound of 
the bell with food. 



226 



ANIMALS 




Anna Stryke 

A white-footed or deer mouse may use an 
old bird's nest for its home 

Of all our wild mice, the white-footed 
or deer mouse is the most interesting 
and attractive. It is found almost exclu- 
sively in woods and is quite different in 
appearance from other mice. Its ears are 
very large; its fur is fine and beautiful and 
a most delicate gray in color. It is white 
beneath the head and under the sides of 
the body. The feet are pinkish, the front 
paws have short thumbs, while the hind 
feet are very much longer and have a long 
thumb which looks like an elfin hand in 
a gray-white silk glove. On the bottom of 
the feet are callous spots which are pink 
and serve as foot pads. This mouse makes 
its nest in hollow trees and stores nuts 
for winter use. We once found two quarts 
of shelled beechnuts in such a nest. It 
also likes the hips of the wild rose and 
many kinds of berries; it sometimes makes 
its home in a bird's nest, which it roofs 
over to suit itself. The young mice are 
usually carried in the mother's mouth, 
one at a time. As an inhabitant of sum- 
mer cottages, white-foot is cunning and 
mischievous; it pulls cotton out of quilts, 
takes covers from jars, and as an explorer 
is equal to the squirrel. I once tried to 
rear some young deer mice by feeding 
them warm milk with a pipette; although 
their eyes were not open, they invariably 
washed their faces after each meal, show- 
ing that neatness was bred in the bone. 
This mouse has a musical voice and often 
chirps as sweetly as a bird. Like the house 
mouse it is more active at night. 

The meadow mouse is the one that 
makes its runways under the snow, mak- 
ing strange corrugated patterns over the 



ground which attract our attention in 
spring. It has a heavy body, short legs, 
short ears, and a short tail. It is brownish 
or blackish in color. It sometimes digs 
burrows straight into the ground, but 
more often makes its nest in waste mead- 
ows. It is the nest of this field mouse 
which the bumblebee so often takes 
possession of, after it is deserted. The 
meadow mouse is a good fighter, sitting 
up like a woodchuck and facing its enemy 
bravely. It needs to be courageous, for 
it is preyed upon by almost every creature 
that feeds upon small animals; the hawks 
and owls especially are its enemies. It is 
well for the farmer that these mice have 
so many enemies, for they multiply rap- 
idly and would otherwise soon overrun 
and destroy the grain fields. They cause 
tremendous damage by girdling valuable 
fruit trees. This mouse is an excellent 
swimmer. 

A part of winter work is to make the 
pupils familiar with the tracks of the 
meadow mice and to teach them how to 
distinguish them from other tracks. 




Country Life in America 



A white-footed mouse at her own doorway in 
the woods 



MAMMALS 



Trapping Field Mice Probably wild 
animals have endured more cruelty 
through the agency of traps than through 
any other form of human persecution. The 
savage steel traps often catch the animal 
by the leg, holding it until it gnaws off 
the imprisoned foot, and thus escapes 
maimed and handicapped for its future 
struggle for food; or if the trap gets a 
strong hold, the poor creature may suffer 
tortures during a long period, before the 
owner of the trap appears to put an end 
to its sufferings by death. If box traps are 
used, they are often neglected and the 
imprisoned animal is left to languish and 
starve. The teacher cannot enforce too 
strongly upon the child the ethics of trap- 
ping. Impress upon him that the box traps 
are far less cruel; but that if set, they must 
be examined regularly and not neglected. 
The study of mice affords a good oppor- 
tunity for giving the children a lesson in 
humane trapping. Let them set a tin-can 
trap for meadow mice or deer mice. They 
must examine the traps every morning. 
The little prisoners may be brought to 
school and studied; meanwhile, they 
should be treated kindly and fed bounti- 
fully. After a mouse has been studied it 
should be set free, even though it be one 
of the quite pestiferous field mice. The 
moral effect of killing an animal after a 



227 






Tracks of a white-footed mouse. Note how 
the long tail has left a print in the snow. As 
this mouse does not hibernate, its tracks are 
often seen on snow 












Nature Photography around the Year, Percy A. Morris, 
- D. Appleton-Century Co., Inc. 

A meadow mouse 

child has become thoroughly interested in 
it and its life is always bad. 

SUGGESTED READING The Museum 
Comes to Life, by Maribelle Cormack 
and William P. Alexander; Winter, 
by Dallas L. Sharp; also, readings on 
page 214. 

LESSON 55 
THE HOUSE MOUSE 

LEADING THOUGHT The mouse is fit- 
ted by color, form, agility, and habits to 
thrive upon the food which it steals from 
man, and to live in the midst of civilized 
people. 

METHOD A mouse cage can be easily 
made of wire window-screen tacked upon 
a wooden frame. I have even used aquar- 
ium jars with wire screen covers; by plac- 
ing one jar upon another, opening to 
opening, and then laying them horizontal, 
the mouse can be transferred to a fresh 
cage without trouble, and thus the 
mousy odor can be obviated while the 
little creature is being studied. A little 
water in a wide-necked bottle can be low- 
ered into this glass house by a string, and 
the food can be given in like manner. 
Stripped paper should be put into the jar 
for the comfort of the prisoner; a stiff 
string hanging down from the middle of 
the cage will afford him a chance to show 
his feats as an acrobat. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Why is the color of 
the mouse of special benefit to it? Do 
you think it protects it from the sight of 



228 



ANIMALS 




Robert T. Hatt 



A tin-can trap for catching small rodents 
alive. To a choke trap is wired a tin can with 
a piece slightly larger than the bait treadle of 
the trap cut out. To the choke wire of the 
trap is fastened a square of coarse wire mesh 

its enemies? Can you see a mouse easily 
as it runs across the room? What is the 
nature of the fur of a mouse? 

2. How long is a mouse's tail as com- 
pared with its body? What is the cover- 
ing of the tail? Of what use to the mouse 
is this long, ridged tail? Watch the mouse 
carefully and discover, if you can, the use 
of the tail in climbing. 

3. Is the mouse a good jumper? Are 
the hind legs long and strong when com- 
pared with the front legs? How high do 
you think a mouse can jump? Do you 
think it uses its tail as an aid in jumping? 
How much of the legs are covered with 
hair? Compare the front and hind feet. 
What sort of claws have they? How does 
the mouse use its feet when climbing the 
string? How can it climb up the side of 
a wall? 

4. Describe the eyes. Do you think the 
mouse can see very well? Does it wink? 
What is the shape of the ears? Do you 
think it can hear well? Can it move its 
ears forward or backward? 



5. What is the shape of the snout? Of 
what advantage is this? Note the whiskers. 
What is their use? Describe the mouth. 
Do you know how the teeth are arranged? 
For what other purpose than to bite food 
does the mouse use its teeth? What other 
animals have their teeth arranged like 
those of the mouse? What food does the 
house mouse live upon? How does it 
get it? 

6. How does the mouse act when it is 
reaching up to examine something? How 
does it hold its front feet? Describe how 
the mouse washes its face; its back; its feet. 

7. Where does the house mouse build 
its nest? Of what material? How do the 
baby mice look? Can they see when they 
are first born? 

8. House mice are great travelers. Can 
you tell how they manage to get from 
place to place? Write a story telling all 
you know of their habits. 

9. How many kinds of mice do you 
know? Does the house mouse ever live 
in the field? What do you know of the 
habits of the white-footed mouse? Of the 
meadow mice? Of the jumping mice? 




American Humane Society 



A woodchuck caught in a humane trap. If 
such traps are visited frequently, animals 
caught in them do not suffer such agonies as 
in ordinary steel traps. Information about 
various types of humane traps can be secured 
from the American Humane Society, Albany, 
N.Y. 



MAMMALS 




THE WOODCHUCK 



He who knows the ways of the wood- 
chuck can readily guess where it is likely 
to be found; it loves meadows and pastures 
where grass or clover lushly grows. It is 
also fond of garden truck and has a special 
delectation for melons. The burrow is 
likely to be situated near a fence or stone 
heap, which gives easy access to the 
chosen food. The woodchuck makes its 
burrow by digging the earth loose with its 
front feet, and pushing it backward and 
out of the entrance with the hind feet. 
This method leaves the soil in a heap near 
the entrance, from which paths radiate 
into the grass in all directions. If one un- 
dertakes to dig out a woodchuck, one 
needs to be not only a husky individual, 
but something of an engineer; the direc- 
tion of the burrow extends downward for 
a little way, and then rises at an easy angle, 
so that the inmate may be in no danger 
of flood. The nest is merely an enlarge- 
ment of the burrow, lined with soft grass 
which the woodchucks bring in in their 
mouths. During the early part of the sea- 
son, the father and mother and the litter 
of young may inhabit the same burrow, 
although there are likely to be at least two 
separate nests. There is usually more than 
one back door to the woodchuck's dwell- 



ing, through which it may escape if 
pressed too closely by enemies; these back 
doors differ from the entrance in that 
they are usually hidden and have no earth 
heaped near them. 

The woodchuck usually feeds in the 
morning and again in the evening, and is 
likely to spend the middle of the day rest- 
ing. It often goes some distance from its 
burrow to feed, and at short intervals lifts 




The woodchuck is at home in grassy meadows 



2JO 



ANIMALS 



itself upon its hind feet to see if the coast 
is clear; if assailed, it will seek to escape 
by running to its burrow; and when run- 
ning, it has a peculiar gait well described 
as " pouring itself along/' If it reaches its 
burrow, it at once begins to dig deeply and 
throw the earth out behind it, thus mak- 
ing a wall to keep out the enemy. When 
cornered, the woodchuck is a courageous 
and fierce fighter; its sharp incisors prove 
a powerful weapon and it will often whip 
a dog much larger than itself. Every boy 
knows how to find whether the wood- 




W. J. Hamilton, Jr. 



. . amon, r. 

These young woodchucks are as tame as 

kittens 

chuck is in its den or not, by rolling a 
stone into the burrow, and listening; if 
the animal is at home, the sound of its 
digging apprises the listener of the fact, 
In earlier times, the ground hogs were 
much preyed upon by wolves, wildcats, 
and foxes; now only the fox remains and 
he is fast disappearing, so that at present 
the farmer and his dog are about the only 
enemies this burrower has, to contend 
with. In recent years it has been con- 
sidered a game animal and furnishes much 
sport for the rifleman. It is an animal of 
resources and will climb a tree if attacked 
by a dog; it will also climb trees for fruit, 
such as wild cherries or peaches. During 
the late summer, it is the ground hog's 
business to feed very constantly and be- 
come very fat. About the first of October, 
it retires to its den and sleeps until the 
end of February or early March, in the 
eastern United States. During this dor- 
mant state, the beating of its heart is so 
faint as to be scarcely perceptible, and very 



little nourishment is required to keep it 
alive; this nourishment is supplied by the 
fat stored in its body, which it uses up by 
spring, when it comes out of its burrow 
looking gaunt and lean. The old saying 
that the ground hog comes out on Candle- 
mas Day, and if it sees its shadow, goes 
back to sleep for six weeks more, may 
savor of meteorological truth, but it is cer- 
tainly not true of the ground hog. 

The full-grown woodchuck ordinarily 
measures about two feet in length. Its 
color is grizzly or brownish, sometimes 
blackish in places; the under parts are red- 
dish and the feet black. The fur is rather 
coarse, thick, and brown, with longer hairs 
which are grayish. The skin is very thick 
and tough and seems to fit loosely, a condi- 
tion which gives the peculiar " pouring 
along " appearance when it is running. 
The hind legs and feet are longer than 
those in front. Both pairs of feet are fitted 
for digging, the front ones being used for 
loosening the earth and the hind pair 
for kicking it out of the burrow. 

The woodchuck's ears are roundish and 
not prominent; the sense of hearing is 
acute. The teeth consist of two large white 
incisors at the front of each jaw, then a 
bare space, and then four grinders on each 
side, above and below; the incisors are 
used for biting food and also for fighting. 
The eyes are full and bright. The tail is 
short and brushy, and it, with the hind 
legs, forms a tripod which supports the 
animal as it sits with its forefeet lifted. 

When feeding, the woodchuck often 
makes a contented grunting noise; when 
attacked and fighting, it growls; it also 
can whistle. I had a woodchuck acquaint- 
ance once which always gave a high, shrill, 
almost birdlike whistle when I came in 
view. There are plenty of statements in 
books that woodchucks are fond of music, 
and Mr. Ingersoll states that at Wellesley 
College a woodchuck on the chapel lawn 
was wont to join the morning song exer- 
cises with a " clear soprano/ 7 The young 
woodchucks are born from late March to 
mid May, and the litter usually numbers 
four or five. In June the " chucklings " 
may be seen following the mother in the 



MAMMALS 



231 



field with much babyish grunting. If cap- direction do the underground galleries 



tured at this period, they make very in- 
teresting pets. By July the young wood- 
chucks leave the home burrow and start 
burrows of their own. 

SUGGESTED READING Bozo, the Wood- 
chuck, by Dorothy L. Brown and Mar- 
guerite Butterfield; Holiday Meadow, by 
Edith M. Patch; Mother Nature Series, 
by Fannie W. Dunn and Eleanor Troxell, 
Book 2, By the Roadside; The Museum 
Comes to Life, by Maribelle Cormack 
and William P. Alexander; The Pet Book, 
by Anna B. Comstock; also, readings on 
page 214. 

LESSON 56 
THE WOODCHUCK OR GROUND HOG 

LEADING THOUGHT The woodchuck 
has thriven with civilization, notwith- 
standing the farmer's dog, gun, traps, and 
poison. It makes its nest in a burrow in 
the earth and lives upon vegetation; it 
hibernates in winter. 

METHOD Within convenient distance 
for observation by the pupils of every 
country schoolhouse and of most village 
schoolhouses, may be found a woodchuck 
and its dwelling. The pupils should be 
given the outline for observations which 
should be made individually through 
watching the woodchuck for weeks or 
months. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where is the wood- 
chuck found? On what does it live? At 
what time of day does it feed? How does 
it act when startled? 

2. Is the woodchuck a good fighter? 
With what weapons does it fight? What 
are its enemies? How does it escape its 
enemies when in or out of its burrow? 
How does it look when running? 

3. What noises does the woodchuck 
make? Play a mouth organ near the wood- 
chuck's burrow and note if it likes music. 

4. How does the woodchuck make its 
burrow? Where is it likely to be situated? 
Where is the earth placed which is taken 
from the burrow? How does the wood- 
chuck bring it out? How is the burrow 
made so that the woodchuck is not 
drowned in case of heavy rains? In what 



go? Where is the nest placed in relation 
to the galleries? Of what is the nest made? 
How is the bedding carried in? Of what 
special use is the nest? 

5. Do you find paths leading to the 
entrances of the burrow? If so ? describe 
them. How can you tell whether a wood- 
chuck is at home or not if you do not see 
it enter? Where is the woodchuck likely 
to station itself when it sits up to look 
for intruders? 

6. How many woodchucks inhabit the 
same burrow? Are there likely to be one 
or more back doors to the burrow? What 
for? How do the back doors differ from 
the front doors? 

7. How long is the longest w r oodchuck 
that you have ever seen? What is the 
woodchucFs color? Is its fur long or short? 
Coarse or fine? Thick or sparse? Is the 
skin thick or thin? Does it seem loose or 
close fitting? 

8. Compare the front and hind feet 
and describe the difference in size and 
shape. Are either or both slightly webbed? 
Explain how both front and hind feet and 
legs are adapted by their shape to help 
the woodchuck. Is the tail long or short? 
How does it assist the animal in sitting up? 

9. What is the shape of the wood- 
chuck's ear? Can it hear well? Of what 
use are the long incisors? Describe the 
eyes. 

10. How does the woodchuck prepare 
for winter? Where and how does it 
pass the winter? Did you ever know a 
woodchuck to come out on Candlemas 
Day to look for its shadow? 

11. When does the woodchuck appear 
in the spring? Compare its general ap- 
pearance in the fall and in the spring and 
explain the reason for the difference. 

12. When are the young woodchucks 
born? What do you know of the way the 
mother woodchuck cares for her young? 

As I turned round the corner of Hub- 
bard's Grove, saw a woodchuck, the first 
of the season, in the middle of the field 
six or seven rods from the fence which 
bounds the wood, and twenty rods distant. 



ANIMALS 



I ran along the fence and cut him off, or 
rather overtook him, though he started at 
the same time. When I was only a rod and 
a half off, he stopped, and I did the same; 
then he ran again, and I ran up within 
three feet of him, when he stopped again, 
the fence being between us. I squatted 
down and surveyed him at my leisure. 
His eyes were dull black and rather in- 
obvious, with a faint chestnut iris, with 
but little expression and that more of resig- 
nation than of anger. The general aspect 
was a coarse grayish brown, a sort of grisel. 
A lighter brown next the skin, then black 
or very dark brown and tipped with whit- 
ish rather loosely. The head between a 
squirrel and a bear, flat on the top and 
dark brown, and darker still or black on 
the tip of the nose. The whiskers black, 
two inches long. The ears very small and 
roundish, set far back and nearly buried 
in the fur. Black feet, with long and slen- 
der claws for digging. It appeared to 
tremble, or perchance shivered with cold. 
When I moved, it gritted its teeth quite 
loud, sometimes striking the under jaw 
against the other chatteringly, sometimes 
grinding one /aw on the other, yet as if 
more from instinct than anger. Which- 
ever way I turned, that way it headed. I 
took a twig a foot long and touched its 
snout, at which it started forward and bit 
the stick, lessening the distance between us 
to two feet, and still it held all the ground 
it gained. I played with it tenderly awhile 
with the stick, trying to open its gritting 
jaws. Ever its long incisors, two above and 
two below, were presented. But I thought 
it would go to sleep if I stayed long 
enough. It did not sit upright as some- 
times, but standing on its fore feet with 
its head down, i. e., half sitting, half stand- 
ing. We sat looking at one another about 
half an hour, till we began to feel mes- 
meric influences. When I was tired, I 
moved away, wishing to see him run, but 
I could not start him. He would not stir 
as long as I was looking at him or could 
see him. I walked around him; he turned 
as fast and fronted me still. I sat down by 
his side within a foot. I talked to him quasi 
forest lingo, baby-talk, at any rate in a con- 



ciliatory tone, and thought that I had 
some influence on him. He gritted his 
teeth less. I chewed checkerberry leaves 
and presented them to his nose at last 
without a grit; though I saw that by so 
much gritting of the teeth he had worn 
them rapidly and they were covered with 
a fine white powder, which, if you meas- 
ured it thus, would have made his anger 
terrible. He did not mind any noise I 
might make. With a little stick I lifted 
one of his paws to examine it, and held 
it up at pleasure. I turned him over to see 
what color he was beneath (darker or 
most purely brown), though he turned 
himself back again sooner than I could 
have wished. His tail was also brown, 
though not very dark, rat-tail like, with 
loose hairs standing out on all sides like 
a caterpillar brush. He had a rather mild 
look. I spoke kindly to him. I reached 
checkerberry leaves to his mouth. I 
stretched my hands over him, though 
he turned up his head and still gritted a 
little. I laid my hand on him, but im- 
mediately took it off again, instinct not 
being wholly overcome. If I had had a 
few fresh bean leaves, thus in advance of 
the season, I am sure I should have tamed 
him completely. It was a frizzly tail. His 
is a humble, terrestrial color like the par- 
tridge's, well concealed where dead wiry 
grass rises above darker brown or chestnut 
dead leaves a modest color. If I had had 
some food, I should have ended with 
stroking him at my leisure. Could easily 
have wrapped him in my handkerchief. 
He was not fat nor particularly lean. I 
finally had to leave him without seeing 
him move from the place. A large, clumsy, 
burrowing squirrel. Arctomys, bear-mouse. 
I respect him as one of the natives. He 
lies there, by his color and habits so nat- 
uralized amid the dry leaves, the withered 
grass, and the bushes. A sound nap, too, 
he has enjoyed in his native fields, the past 
winter. I think I might learn some wis- 
dom of him. His ancestors have lived here 
longer than mine. He is more thoroughly 
acclimated and naturalized than I. Bean 
leaves the red man raised for him, but he 
can do without them. 

THOREAU'S JOURNAL 



MAMMALS 



THE RED SQUIRREL OR CHICKAREE 

Just a tawny glimmer, a dash of red and gray, 

Was it a flitting shadow,, or a sunbeam gone astray/ 

It glances up a tree trunk, and a pair of bright eyes glow 

Where a little spy in ambush is measuring his foe. 

I hear a mocking chuckle, then wrathful, he grows bold 

And stays his pressing business to scold and scold and scold. 



We ought to yield admiring tribute to 
those animals which have been able to 
flourish in our midst despite man and his 
gun, this weapon being the most cowardly 
and unfair invention of the human mind. 
The only time that man has been a fair 
fighter in combating his four-footed 
brethren was when he fought them with 
a weapon which he wielded in his hand. 
There is nothing in animal comprehen- 
sion which can take into account a pro- 
jectile, and much less a shot from a gun; 
but though it does not understand, it ex- 
periences a deathly fear at the noise. It 
is pathetic to note the hush in a forest 
that follows the sound of a gun; every song, 
every voice, every movement is stilled and 
every little heart filled with nameless ter- 
ror. How any man or boy can feel manly 
when, with this scientific instrument of 
death in his hands, he takes the life of 
a little squirrel, bird, or rabbit, is beyond 
my comprehension. In pioneer days when 
it was a fight for existence, man against 
the wilderness, the matter was quite dif- 
ferent; but now it seems to me that any- 
one who hunts what few wild creatures 
we have left, and which are in nowise in- 
jurious, is, whatever he may think of him- 
self, no believer in fair play. 

Within my own memory, the beautiful 
black squirrel was as common in our 
woods as was his red cousin; the shotgun 
has exterminated this splendid species lo- 
cally. Well may we rejoice that the red 
squirrel has, through its lesser size and 
greater cunning, escaped a like fate; and 
that, pugnacious and companionable 
and shy, it lives in our midst and climbs 
our very roofs to sit there and scold us for 
coming within its range of vision. It has 



succeeded not only in living despite man, 
but because of man, for it rifles our grain 
bins and corn cribs and waxes opulent by 
levying tribute upon our stores. 

Thoreau describes most graphically the 
movements of this squirrel. He says: " All 
day long the red squirrels came and went. 
One would approach at first warily, warily, 




Dorothy M. Compton 

Red squirrel at feeding log 

through the shrub-oaks, running over the 
snow crust by fits and starts and like a 
leaf blown by the wind, now a few paces 
this way, with wonderful speed and waste 
of energy, making inconceivable haste 
with his " trotters/ 7 as if it were for a wager, 
and now as many paces that way, but 
never getting on more than half a rod at 
a time; and then suddenly pausing with 
a ludicrous expression and a gratuitous 
somersault, as if all the eyes of the uni- 
verse were fixed on him . . . and then 
suddenly, before you could say " Jack 
Robinson " he would be in the top of a 




ANIMALS 



A red squirrel on his vine bridge 



young pitch pine, winding up his clock, 
and chiding all imaginary spectators, so- 
liloquizing and talking to all the universe 
at the same time/' 

It is surely one of the most comical of 
sights to see a squirrel stop running and, 
take observations; he lifts himself on his 
haunches, and with body bent forward, 
presses his little paws against his breast 
as if to say, " Be still, O my beating 
heart! " which is all pure affectation be- 
cause he knows he can scurry away in per- 
fect safety. He is likely to take refuge on 
the far side of a tree, peeping out from 
this side and that, and whisking back 
like a flash as he catches our eye; we 
might never know he was there except 
that, as Riley puts it, " he lets his own 
tail tell on him/ 7 When climbing up or 
down a tree, he goes head first and spreads 
his legs apart to clasp as much of the 
trunk as possible; meanwhile his sharp lit- 
tle claws cling securely to the bark. He can 
climb out on the smallest twigs quite as 
well, when he needs to clo so, in passing 
from tree to tree or when gathering 
acorns. 

A squirrel always establishes certain 
roads to and from his abiding place and 
almost invariably follows them. Such a 



path may be entirely in the tree tops, with 
air bridges from a certain branch of one 
tree to a certain branch of another, or it 
may be partially on the ground between 
trees. I have made notes of these paths in 
the vicinity of my own home, and have 
noted that if a squirrel leaves them for 
exploring, he goes warily; while, when fol- 
lowing them, he is quite reckless in his 
haste. When making a jump from tree 
to tree, he flattens himself as widely as 
possible and his tail is held somewhat 
curved, but on a level with the body, as 
if its wide brush helped to buoy him up 
and perhaps to steer him also. 

During the winter the chickaree is 
brightly colored and is a conspicuous ob- 
ject; his back is bright russet, almost red, 
and along his sides, where the red meets 
the grayish white of the underside, there 
is a dark line which is very ornamental. 
With the corning of summer, however, his 
coat becomes quite dingy. In November 
he moults, and his bright color returns. 
When dashing up a tree trunk, his color 
is never very striking but looks like the 
glimmer of sunlight; this has probably 
saved many of his kind from the gunner, 
whose eyes, being at the front of his head, 
cannot compare in efficiency with those 
of the squirrel, which, large and full and 
alert, are placed at the sides of the head 
so as to see equally well in all directions. 

The squirrel's legs are short because he 
is essentially a climber rather than a run- 
ner; the hips are very strong, which in- 
sures his power as a jumper, and his leaps 
are truly remarkable. A squirrel uses his 
front paws for hands in a most human 
way; with them he washes his face and 
holds his food up to his mouth while 
eating, and it is interesting to note the skill 
of his claws when used as fingers. The track 
he makes in the snow is quite character- 
istic. The tracks are paired and those of 
the large five-toed hind feet are always in 
front. 



Squirrel tracks 



MAMMALS 



The squirrel has two pairs of gnawing 
teeth which are very long and strong, as 
in all rodents, and he needs to keep busy 
gnawing hard things with them, or they 
will grow so long that he cannot use them 
at all and will starve to death. He is very 
clever about opening nuts so as to get all 
the meats. He often opens a hickory nut 
with two holes which tap the places of 
the nut meats squarely; with walnuts 
or butternuts, which have much harder 
shells, he makes four small holes, one op- 
posite each quarter of the kernel. He has 
no cheek pouches like a chipmunk but 
he can carry corn and other grain. He 
often fills his mouth so full that his cheeks 
bulge out like those of a boy eating pop- 
corn; but anything as large as a nut he 
carries in his teeth. His food is far more 
varied than many suppose and he will 
eat almost anything eatable; he is a little 
pirate and enjoys stealing from others with 
keenest zest. In spring, he eats leaf buds 
and hunts our orchards for apple seeds. 
In winter, he feeds on nuts, buds, and 
cones; it is marvelous how he will take a 
cone apart, tearing of! the scales and leav- 
ing them in a heap while searching for 
seeds; he is especially fond of the seeds 
of Norway spruce and hemlock. Of course, 
he is fond of nuts of all kinds and will 
cut the chestnut burs from the tree before 
they are ripe, so that he may get ahead of 
the other harvesters. He stores his food 
for winter in all sorts of odd places and 
often forgets where he puts it. We often 





A. A. Allen 

A gray squirrel with food in its paws 



Dwight E. Sollberger 

Flying squirrel just leaving home 

find his winter stores untouched the next 
summer. He also likes birds' eggs and nest- 
lings, and if it were not for the chastise- 
ment he gets from the parent robins, 
he would work much damage in this 
way. 

The red squirrels use a great variety of 
places for nests. In different localities vari- 
ous types of nests are constructed; some 
individuals prefer hollow trees, some build 
nests in clumps of vines, such as wild 
grape vines, and still others make their 
homes in the ground under or about 
stumps. During the winter, the red squir- 
rel does not remain at home except in 
the coldest weather, when he lies cozily 
with his tail wrapped around him like a 
fur neck-piece to keep him warm. He is 
too full of interest in the world to lie 
quietly long, but comes out, hunts up 
some of his stores, and finds life worth 
while despite the cold. One squirrel 
adopted a birdhouse in one of our trees, 
and he or his kin have lived there for 
years; in winter, he takes his share of the 
suet put on the trees for birds, and be- 
cause of his greediness we have been com- 
pelled to use picture wire for tying on 
the suet. 

The young are born in a well-protected 
nest. There are four to six in a litter and 
they usually appear in April. If it is neces- 



ANIMALS 



sary to move the young the mother grasps 
the babies by the loose skin of their un- 
derparts and carries them to safety. 

The squirrel has several ways of ex- 
pressing his emotions; one is by various 
curves in his long, beautiful bushy tail. 
If the creatures of the wood had a stage, 
the squirrel would be their chief actor. 
Surprise, incredulousness, indignation, 
fear, anger, and joy are all perfectly ex- 
pressed by tail gestures and also by voice. 
As a vocalist he excels; he chatters with 
curiosity, " chips " with surprise, scolds 
by giving a guttural trill, finishing with a 
falsetto squeal. He is the only singer I 
know who can carry two parts at a time. 
Notice him sometimes in the top of a 
hickory or chestnut tree when nuts are 
ripe, and you will hear him singing a 
duet all by himself, a high shrill chatter 
with a chuckling accompaniment. Long 
may he abide with us as an uninvited 
guest at our cribs! For, though he be a 
freebooter and conscienceless, yet our 
world would lack its highest example of 
incarnate grace and activity if he were 
not in it. 

SUGGESTED READING Bannertail, the 
Story of a Gray Squirrel, by Ernest 
Thompson Seton; Holiday Hill, by Edith 
M. Patch; Mother Nature Series, by Fan- 
nie W. Dunn and Eleanor Troxell, Book 
i, Baby Animals, Book 2, By the Road- 
side; The Museum Comes to Life, by 
Maribelle Corrnack and William P. Alex- 
ander; Our Backdoor Neighbors, by Frank 
C. Pellett; The Pet Book, by Anna B. 
Comstock; also, reading on page 214. 

LESSON 57 

THE RED SQUIRREL OR CHICKAREE 
LEADING THOUGHT The red squirrel 
by its agility and cleverness has lived on, 
despite its worst enemy man. By form 
and color and activity it is fitted to elude 
the hunter. 

METHOD If a pet squirrel in a cage 
can be procured for observation at the 
school, the observations on the form and 
habits of the animal can be best studied 
thus; but a squirrel in a cage is an anomaly 



and it is far better to stimulate the pupils 
to observe the squirrels out of doors. Give 
the following questions, a few at a time, 
and ask the pupils to report the answers 
to the entire class. Much should be done 
with the supplementary reading, as there 
are many interesting squirrel stories illus- 
trating its habits. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where have you 
seen a squirrel? Does the squirrel trot 
along or leap when running on the 
ground? Does it run straight ahead or 
stop at intervals for observation? How 
does it look? How does it act when look- 
ing to see if the " coast is clear "? 

2. When climbing a tree, does it go 
straight up, or move around the trunk? 
How does it hide itself behind a tree 
trunk and observe the passer-by? Describe 
how it manages to climb a tree. Does it 
go down the tree head first? Is it able to 
climb out on the smallest branches? Of 
what advantage is this to the squirrel? 

3. Look closely and see if a squirrel fol- 
lows the same route always when pass- 
ing from one point to another. How 
does it pass from tree to tree? How does 
it act when preparing to jump? How 
does it hold its legs and tail when in 
the air during a jump from branch to 
branch? 

4. Describe the colors of the red squir- 
rel above and below. Is there a dark stripe 
along its side; if so, what color? How does 
the color of the squirrel protect it from 
its enemies? Is its color brighter in sum- 
mer or in winter? 

5. How are the squirrel's eyes placed? 
Do you think it can see behind as well as 
in front all the time? Are its eyes bright 
and alert, or soft and tender? 

6. Are its legs long or short? Are its 
hind legs stronger and longer than the 
front legs? Why? Why does it not need 
long legs? Do its paws have claws? How 
does it use its paws when eating and in 
making its toilet? 

7. Describe the squirrel's tail. Is it as 
long as the body? Is it used to express 
emotion? Of what use is it when the squir- 
rel is jumping? Of what use is it in the 
winter in the nest? 



MAMMALS 

8. What is the food of the squirrel dur- 
ing the autumn? Winter? Spring? Sum- 
mer? Where does it store food for the 
winter? Does it steal food laid up by jays, 
chipmunks, mice, or other squirrels? How 
does it carry nuts? Has it cheek-pouches 
like the chipmunk for carrying food? Does 
it stay in its nest all winter living on stored 
food like a chipmunk? 

9. Where does the red squirrel make 
its home? Of what is it made and where 
built? In what sort of nest are the young 
born and reared? At what time of the 
year are the young born? How does the 



237 

mother squirrel carry her little ones if she 
wishes to move them? 

10. How much of squirrel language can 
you understand? How does it express sur- 
prise, excitement, anger, or joy during the 
nut harvest? Note how many different 
sounds it makes and try to discover what 
they mean, 

11. Describe or sketch the tracks made 
by the squirrel in the snow. 

12. How does the squirrel get at the 
meats of the hickory nut and the walnut? 
How are its teeth arranged to gnaw holes 
in such hard substances as shells? 



FURRY 



Furry was a baby red squirrel. One day 
in May his mother was moving him from 
one tree to another. He was clinging with 
his little arms around her neck and his 
body clasped tightly against her breast 
when something frightened her, and in 
her sudden movement she dropped her 
heavy baby in the grass. Thus, I inherited 
him and entered upon the rather onerous 
duties of caring for a baby of whose needs 
I knew little; but I knew that every well- 
cared-for baby should have a book detail- 
ing all that happens to it, and therefore 
I made a book for Furry, writing in it each 
day the things he did. If the children who 
have pets keep similar books, they will 
find them most interesting reading after- 
ward, and they will surely enjoy the writ- 
ing very much. 

EXTRACTS FROM FURRY' s NOTEBOOK 

May 18, 1902 -The baby squirrel is 
just large enough to cuddle in one hand. 
He cuddles all right when once he is cap- 
tured; but he is a terrible fighter, and when 
I attempt to take him in my hand, he 
scratches and bites and growls so that 
I have been obliged to name him Fury. 
I told him, however, if he improved in 
temper I would change his name to Furry. 

May 19 Fury greets me, when I open 
his box, with the most awe-inspiring little 
growls, which he calculates will make me 



turn pale with fear. He has not cut his 
teeth yet, so he cannot bite very severely, 
but that isn't his fault, for he 'tries hard 
enough. The Naturalist said cold milk 
would kill him, so I warmed the milk and 
put it in a teaspoon and placed it in front 
of his nose; he batted the spoon with 
both forepaws and tried to bite it, and 
thus got a taste of the milk, which he 
drank eagerly, lapping it up like a kitten. 
When I hold him in one hand and cover 
him with the other, he turns contented 
little somersaults over and over. 

May 20 Fury bit me only once to- 
day, when I took him out to feed him. 
He is cutting his teeth on my devoted 
fingers. I tried giving him grape-nuts 
soaked in milk, but he spat it out in dis- 
gust. Evidently he does not believe he 
needs a food for brain and nerve. He al- 
ways washes his face as soon as he is 
through eating. 

May 21 Fury lies curled up under his 
blanket all day. Evidently good little 
squirrels stay quietly in the nest, when 
the mother is not at home to give them 
permission to run around. When Fury 
sleeps, he rolls himself up in a little ball 
with his tail wrapped closely around him. 
The squirrel's tail is his " furs," which he 
wraps around him to keep his back warm 
when he sleeps in winter. 

May 23 Every time I meet Uncle 



2 3 8 



ANIMALS 



John he asks, " Is his name Fury or Furry 
now? " Uncle John is much interested in 
the good behavior of even little squirrels. 
As Fury has not bitten me hard for two 
days, I think I will call him Furry after 
this. He ate some bread soaked in milk 
to-day, holding it in his hands in real squir- 
rel fashion. I let him run around the room 
and he liked it. 

May 25 Furry got away from me this 
morning and I did not find him for an 
hour. Then I discovered him in a paste- 
board box of drawing paper with the cover 
on. How did he squeeze through? 

May 26 He holds the bowl of the 
spoon with both front paws while he 
drinks the milk. When I try to draw the 
spoon away to fill it again after he has 
emptied it, he objects and hangs on to 
it with all his little might, and scolds as 
hard as ever he can. He is such a funny, 
unreasonable baby. 

May 28 Tonight I gave Furry a wal- 
nut meat. As soon as he smelled it he be- 
came greatly excited; he grasped the meat 
in his hands and ran off and hid under 
my elbow, growling like a kitten with its 
first mouse. 

May 30 Since he tasted nuts he has 
lost interest in milk. The nut meats are 
too hard for his new teeth 7 so I mash them 
and soak them in water and now he eats 
them like a little piggy-wig with no man- 
ners at all. He loves to have me stroke 
his back while he is eating. He uses his 
thumbs and fingers in such a human way 
that I always call his front paws hands. 
When his piece of nut is very small he 
holds it in one hand and clasps the other 
hand behind the one which holds the 
dainty morsel, so as to keep it safe. 

May 31 - When he is sleepy he scolds 
if I disturb him and turning over on his 
back bats my hand with all of his soft 
little paws and pretends that he is going 
to bite. 

June 4 Furry ranges around the room 
now to please himself. He is a little mis- 
chief; he tips over his cup of milk and 
has commenced gnawing off the wall- 



paper behind the bookshelf to make him 
a nest. The paper is green and will prob- 
ably make him sorry. 

June 5 - This morning Furry was hid- 
den in a roll of paper. I put my hand over 
one end of the roll and then reached in 
with the other hand to get him; but he 
got me instead, because he ran up my 
sleeve and was much more contented to 
be there than I was to have him. I was 
glad enough when he left his hiding place 
and climbed to the top shelf of the book- 
case, far beyond my reach. 

June 6 1 have not seen Furry for 
twenty-four hours, but he is here surely 
enough. Last night he tipped over the 
ink bottles and scattered nut shells over 
the floor. He prefers pecans to any other 
nuts. 

June 7 I caught Furry today and he 
bit my finger so that it bled. But after- 
wards, he cuddled in my hand for a long 
time, and then climbed my shoulder and 
went hunting around in my hair and 
wanted to stay there and make a nest. 
When I took him away, he pulled out his 
two hands full of my devoted tresses. I'll 
not employ him as a hairdresser. 

June 9 Furry sleeps nights in the top 
drawer of my desk; he crawls in from be- 
hind. When I pull out the drawer he pops 
out and scares me nearly out of my wits; 
but he keeps his wits about him and gets 
away before I can catch him. 

June 20 - 1 keep the window open so 
Furry can run out and in and learn to 
take care of himself out-of-doors. 

Furry soon learned to take care of him- 
self, though he often returned for nuts, 
which I kept for him in a bowl. He does 
not come very near me out-of-doors, but 
he often speaks to me in a friendly manner 
from a certain pitch pine tree near the 
house. 

There are many blank leaves in Furry's 
notebook. I wish that he could have writ- 
ten on these of the things that he thought 
about me and my performances. It would 
certainly have been the most interesting 
book in the world concerning squirrels. 



MAMMALS 



239 



THE CHIPMUNK 



While the chipmunk is a good runner 
and jumper, it is not so able a climber as 
is the red squirrel, and it naturally stays 
nearer the ground. One windy day I was 
struck by the peculiar attitude of what 
I first thought was a red squirrel gather- 
ing green acorns from a chestnut oak in 
front of my window. A second glance 
showed me that it was a chipmunk lying 
close to the branch, hanging on for " dear 
life " and with an attitude of extreme cau- 
tion, quite foreign to the red squirrel in 
a similar situation. He would creep out, 
seize an acorn in his teeth, creep back 
to a larger limb, take off the shell, and 
with his little paws stuff the kernel into 
his cheek-pouches; he took hold of one 
side of his mouth with one hand to 
stretch it out, as if opening a bag, and 
stuffed the acorn in with the other. I do 
not know whether this process was neces- 
sary or not at the beginning, for his cheeks 
were distended when I first saw him; and 
he kept on stuffing them until he looked 
as if he had a hopeless case of mumps. 
Then with obvious care he descended the 




Leonard K. Beyer 



This chipmunk has his cheek-pouches well 
stuffed 

tree and retreated to his den in the side- 
hill, the door of which I had already dis- 
covered, although it was well hidden by 
a bunch of orchard grass. 



Chipmunks are more easily tamed than 
red squirrels and soon learn that pockets 
may contain nuts and other things good 
to eat. The first tame chipmunk of my 




" Chipsie," a chipmunk of the Sierras 

acquaintance belonged to a species found 
in the California mountains. He was a 
beautiful little creature and loved to play 
about his mistress' room; she, being a 
naturalist as well as a poet, was able to un- 
derstand her little companion, and the re- 
lations between them were full of mutual 
confidence. He was fond of English wal- 
nuts and would always hide away all that 
were placed in a dish on the table. One 
day his mistress, when taking off her hat 
after returning from church, discovered 
several of these nuts tucked safely in the 
velvet bows; they were invisible from the 
front but perfectly visible from the side. 
Even yet, she wonders what the people 
at church that day thought of her original 
ideas in millinery; and she wonders still 
more how "Chipsie" managed to get 
into the hatbox, the cover of which was 
always carefully closed. 

The chipmunk is a good home builder 
and carries off, presumably in its cheek- 
pouches, all of the soil which it removes 
in making its burrow. The burrow is usu- 




ANIMALS 



J 



Dorothy M. Conipton 

Peanuts are a favorite food oj tame chip- 
munks 

ally made in a dry hillside, the passage- 
way just large enough for its own body, 
widening to a nest which is well bedded 
clown. There is usually a back door also, 
so that in case of necessity the inmate 
can escape. It retires to this nest in late 
November and does not appear again 
until March. In mild winters it may be 
up and about on bright, sunny days. In 
the nest it stores nuts and other grains 
so that when it wakens, at long intervals, 
it can take refreshment. 

If you really wish to know whether you 
see what you look at or not, test yourself 
by trying to describe the length, position, 
and number of the chipmunk's stripes. 
These stripes, like those of the tiger in 
the jungle, make the creature less con- 
spicuous; when on the ground, where its 
stripes fall in with the general shape and 
color of the grass and underbrush, it is 
quite invisible until it stirs. Its tail is not 
so long nor nearly so bushy as that of the 




squirrel; it does not need a tail to balance 
and steer with in the tree tops; and since it 
lives in the ground, a bushy tail would 
soon be loaded with earth and would 
be an incubus instead of a thing of beauty. 
The chipmunk is not a vocalist like the 
red squirrel, but he can cluck like a cuckoo 
and chatter gayly or cogently; and he can 
make himself into a little bunch with his 
tail curved up his back, while he eats a 
nut from both his hands. He is even 
more amusing than the red squirrel in this 
attitude, probably because lie is more in- 
nocent and not so much of a poseur. His 
food consists of all kinds of nuts, grain, 
and fruit, but he does little or no damage, 




Chipmunks sometimes cache their food 
under stumps 



ai'^' J^L^_^_ 

Dorothy M. Coinpton 

Common chipmunk, often called ground 
squirrel 

as a rule. He does upon occasion rob the 
flower garden of valued bulbs. He is 
pretty and distinctly companionable, and 
I can rejoice that I have had him and 
his whole family as my near neighbors for 
many years. I always feel especially proud 
when he shows his confidence by scamper-- 
ing around our porch floor and peeping 
in at our windows, as if taking a reciprocal 
interest in us. 

SUGGESTED READING The Museum 
Comes to Life, by Maribelle Cormack and 
William P. Alexander; The Pet Boole, by 
Anna B. Comstock; Tami, the Story of a 
Chipmunk, by Bertha C. Cacly; also, read- 
ings on page 214. 

LESSON 58 
THE CHIPMUNK 

LEADING THOUGHT The chipmunk 
lives more on the ground than does the 



squirrel; its colors are protective and it 
has cheek-pouches in which it carries 
food, and also soil when digging its bur- 
row. It stores food for winter in its 
den. 

METHOD The field notebook should 
be the basis for this w r ork. Give the pupils 
an outline of observations to be made, and 
ask for reports now and then. Meanwhile 
stimulate interest in the little creatures by 
reading aloud from some of the references 
given. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Do you see the 
chipmunk climbing around in trees like 
the red squirrel? How high in a tree have 
you ever seen a chipmunk? 

2. What are the chipmunk's colors 
above and below? How many stripes has 
it? Where are they and what are their 
colors? Do you think that these stripes 
conceal the animal when among grasses 
and bushes? 

3. Compare the tails of the chipmunk 
and the red squirrel. Which is the longer 



MAMMALS 241 

and bushier? Tell if you can the special 
advantage to the chipmunk in having this 
less bushy tail. 

4. What does the chipmunk eat? How 
does it earn- its food? How does it differ 
in this respect from the red squirrel? Does 
it store its food for winter use? How does 
it prepare its nuts? How does it hold its 
food while eating? 

5. Where does the chipmunk make its 
home? How does it carry away soil from 
its burrow? How many entrances are 
there? How is the den arranged inside? 
Does it live in the same den the year 
round? When does it retire to its den in 
the fall? When does it come out in the 
spring? 

6. Does the chipmunk do any damage 
to crops? What seeds does it distribute? 
At what time do the little chipmunks ap- 
pear in the spring? 



7. Observe carefully the different tones 
of the chipmunk and compare its chatter- 
ing with that of the squirrel. 




Verne Morton 



A bat 



THE LITTLE BROWN BAT 

His small umbrella, quaintly halved, 

Describing in the air an arc alike inscrutable, 

Elate philosopher/ EMILY DICKINSON 



Whoever first said " as blind as a bat/' 
surely never looked a bat in the face, or 
he would not have said it. The deep-set, 
keen, observant eyes are quite in keeping 



with the alert attitude of the erect, pointed 
ears; while the pug nose and the wide- 
open little pink bag of a mouth, set with 
tiny, sharp teeth, give this anomalous little 



242 



ANIMALS 



animal a deliciously impish look. Yet how 
have those old artists belied the bat, who 
fashioned their demons after his pattern, 
ears, eyes, nose, mouth, wings, and all! 
The superstitions which link the bat with 
evil malign this bright, engaging little 
creature. There are no other wings so 
wonderful as the bat's; the thin mem- 




_ j 



Hung up for his daytime nap 



brane is equipped with sensitive nerves 
which inform the flier of the objects in 
his path, so that he darts among the 
branches of trees at terrific speed and 
never touches a twig; a blinded bat was 
once set free in a room, across which 
threads were stretched, and he flew about 
without ever touching one. After we have 
tamed one of these little, silky flitter-mice 
we soon get reconciled to his wings for 
he proves the cunningest of pets; he soon 
learns who feeds him, and is a constant 
source of entertainment. 

The flight of the bat consists of darting 
hither and thither with incredible swift- 
ness, and making sharp turns with no ap- 
parent effort. Swifts and swallows cannot 



compete with the bat in wing celerity and 
agility; it is interesting to note that these 
birds also catch insects on the wing for 
food. He makes a collecting net of the 
wing membrane stretched between the 
hind legs and tail, doubling it up like an 
apron on the unfortunate insects, and 
then reaching down and gobbling them 
up; and thus he is always doing good serv- 
ice to us on summer evenings by swallow- 
ing a multitude of insects. 

The short fur of the bat is as soft as 
silk, and covers the body but not the 
wings; the plan of the wing is something 
like that of the duck's foot; it consists of 
a web stretched between very much elon- 
gated fingers. If a boy's fingers were as long 
in proportion as a bat's, they would meas- 
ure four feet. Stretched between the long 
fingers is a thin, rubbery membrane, 
which extends back to the ankles and 
thence back to the tip of the bony tail; 
thus, the bat has a winged margin all 
around his body. Since fingers make the 
framework, it is the thumb that projects 
from the front angle of the wing, in the 
form of a very serviceable hook, resem- 
bling that used by a one-armed man to 
replace the lost member. These hooks the 
bat uses in many ways. He drags himself 
along the floor with their aid, or he 
scratches the back of his head with them, 
if occasion requires. He is essentially a 
creature of the air and is not at all fitted 
for walking; his knees bend backward in 
an opposite direction from ours. This ren- 
ders him unable to walk, and when at- 
tempting to do so, he has the appearance 
of " scrabbling " along on his feet and 
elbows. When thus moving he keeps his 
wings fluttering rapidly, as if feeling his 
way in the dark, and his movements are 
trembly. He uses his teeth to aid in climb- 
ing. 

The little brown bat's wings often meas- 
ure nine inches from tip to tip, and yet 
he folds them so that they scarcely show; 
he does not fold them like a fan, but 
rather like a pocket-knife. The hind legs 
merely act as a support for the side wing, 
and the little hip bones look pitifully 
sharp. The membrane reaches only to the 



MAMMALS 



243 



ankle; the tiny foot projecting from it is 
armed with five wirelike toes, tipped with 
sharp hooked claws. It is by these claws 
that he hangs when resting during the 
day, for he is upside-downy in his sleep- 
ing habits, slumbering during the daytime 
while hanging head downward, without 
any inconvenience from a rush of blood 
to the brain; when he is thus suspended, 
the tail is folded down. Sometimes he 
hangs by one hind foot and a front hook; 
and he is a wee thing when all folded to- 
gether and hung up, with his nose tucked 
between his hooked thumbs, in a very 
babyish fashion. 

The bat is very particular about his 
personal cleanliness. People who regard 
the bat as a dirty creature might well look 
to it that they be even half as fastidious 
as he. He washes his face with the front 
part of his wing, and then licks his wash- 
cloth clean; he scratches the back of his 
head with his hind foot and then licks the 
foot; when hanging head down, he will 
reach one hind foot down and scratch 
behind his ear with an aplomb truly comi- 
cal in such a mite; but it is most fun of 
all to see him clean his wings; he seizes 
the edges in his mouth and stretches and 
licks the membrane until we are sure it 
is made of silk elastic, for he pulls and 
hauls it in a way truly amazing. 

The bat has a voice which sounds like 
the squeak of a toy wheelbarrow, and yet 
it is expressive of emotions. He squeaks 
in one tone when holding conversation 
with other bats, and squeaks quite differ- 
ently when seized by the enemy. 

The mother bat feeds her little ones 
from her breasts as a mouse does its young, 
only she cradles them in her soft wings 
while so doing; often she takes them with 
her when she goes out for insects in the 
evenings; they cling to her neck during 
these exciting rides; but when she wishes 
to work unencumbered, she hangs her 
tiny youngsters on some twig and goes 
back for them later. The little ones are 
born in July and usually occur as twins. 
During the winter, some bats hibernate 
like woodchucks or chipmunks. They se- 
lect for winter quarters some hollow tree 



or cave or other protected place. They 
go to sleep when the cold weather comes, 
and do not awake until the insects are 
flying; they then come forth in the eve- 
nings, or perhaps early in the morning, 
and do their best to rid the world of insect 
nuisances. Others migrate to the south 
with the advent of cold weather. 

There are many senseless fears about 
the bat; for instance, that he likes to get 
tangled in a lady's tresses, a situation 
which would frighten him far more than 
the lady; or that he brings bedbugs into 
the house when he enters on his quest 
for insects, which is an ungrateful slander. 
Some people believe that all bats are vam- 
pires, and only await an opportunity to 
suck blood from their victims. It is true 
that in South America there are two spe- 
cies which occasionally attack people who 
are careless enough to sleep with their 
toes uncovered, but feet thus injured seem 
to recover speedily. These bats do little 
damage to people, although they some- 
times pester animals; and there are no 
vampires in the United States. Our bats, 
on the contrary, are innocent and bene- 
ficial to man. There are a few species in 
our country which have little, leaflike 
growths on the end of the nose; these 
growths serve the purpose of sensory 
organs. 

SUGGESTED READING Mother Nature 
Series, by Fannie W. Dunn and Eleanor 
Troxell, Book 3, In Field and Forest; The 
Museum Comes to Life, by Maribelle 
Cormack and William P. Alexander; The 
Pet Book, by Anna B. Comstock; also, 
readings on page 214. 

LESSON 59 
THE BAT 

LEADING THOUGHT Although the 
bat's wings are very different from those 
of the bird, yet it is a rapid and agile 
flier. It flies in the dusk and catches great 
numbers of mosquitoes and other trouble- 
some insects, upon which it feeds. 

METHOD This lesson should not be 
given unless there is a live bat to illustrate 
it; the little creature can be cared for com- 



244 



ANIMALS 



fortably in a cage in the schoolroom, as 
it will soon learn to take flies or bits of 
raw meat when presented on the point 
of a pencil or toothpick. Any bat will do 
for this study, although the little brown 
bat is the one on which my observations 
were made. 

OBSERVATIONS i. At what time of 
day do we see bats flying? Describe how 




Charles E. Mohr 

Little brown bats hibernating in a Pennsyl- 
vania cave 

the bat's flight differs from that of birds. 
Why do bats dart about so rapidly? 

2. Look at a captive bat and describe its 
wings. Can you see what makes the frame- 
work of the wings? Do you see the three 
finger bones extending out into the 
wings? How do the hind legs support the 
wing? The tail? Is the wing membrane 
covered with fur? Is it thick and leathery 
or thin and silky and elastic? How does 
the bat fold up its wings? 

3. In what position does the bat rest? 
Does it ever hang by its thumb hooks? 

4. Can you see whether the knees of 
the hind legs bend upward or downward? 
How does the bat act when trying to walk 



or crawl? How does it use its thumb hooks 
in doing this? 

5. What does the bat do daytimes? 
Where does it stay during the day? Do 
many bats congregate together in their 
roosts? 

6. Describe the bat's head, including 
the ears, eyes, nose, and mouth. What is 
its general expression? Do you think it 
can see and hear well? How is its mouth 
fitted for catching insects? Does it shut 
its mouth while chewing or keep it open? 
Do you think that bats can see by day- 
light? 

7. What noises does a bat make? How 
does it act if you try to touch it? Can it 
bite severely? Can you understand why 
the Germans call it a flitter-mouse? 

8. Do you know how the mother bat 
cares for her young? How does she carry 
them? At what time of year may we ex- 
pect to find them? 

9. When making its toilet, how does a 
bat clean its wings? Its face? Its back? Its 
feet? Do you know if it is very clean in 
its habits? 

10. How and where do the bats pass 
the winter? How are they beneficial to us? 
Are they ever harmful? What are some 
superstitions about the bat? 

Nature-study should not be unrelated 
to the child's life and circumstances. It 
stands for directness and naturalness. It 
is astonishing when one comes to think 
of it, how indirect and how remote from 
the lives of pupils much of our education 
has been. Geography still often begins 
with the universe, and finally, perhaps, 
comes down to some concrete and familiar 
object or scene that the pupil can under- 
stand. Arithmetic has to do with broker- 
age and partnerships and partial payments 
and other things that mean nothing to 
the child. Botany begins with cells and 
protoplasm and cryptogams. History deals 
with political and military affairs, and only 
rarely comes down to physical facts and 
to those events that express the real lives 
of the people; and yet political and social 
affairs are only the results of expressions 
of the way in which people live. Readers 



MAMMALS 



245 



begin with mere literature or with stories 
of scenes the child will never see. Of 
course these statements are meant to be 
only general, as illustrating what is even 
yet a great fault in educational methods. 
There are many exceptions, and these are 



becoming commoner. Surely, the best edu- 
cation is that which begins with the ma- 
terials at hand. A child knows a stone 
before it knows the earth. 

" THE NATURE-STUDY IDEA/' 
L. H. BAILEY 



THE SKUNK 



Those who have had experience with 
this animal surely are glad that it is small; 
and the wonder always is that so little a 
creature can make such a large impression 
upon the atmosphere. A fully grown skunk 
is about two feet long; its body is covered 
with long, shining, rather coarse hair, and 
the tail, which is carried like a flag in the 
air, is very large and bushy. In color, the 
fur is sometimes entirely black, but most 
often has a white patch on the back of the 
neck, with two stripes extending down 
the back and along the sides to the tail; 
the face, also, has a white stripe. 

The skunk has a long head and a rather 
pointed snout; its front legs are very much 
shorter than its hind legs, which gives it 
a very peculiar gait. Its forefeet are armed 
with long, strong claws, with which it digs 
its burrow, which is usually made in light 
soil. It also often makes its home in some 
crevice in rocks, or even takes possession of 
an abandoned woodchuck's hole; or trust- 
ing to its immunity from danger, makes its 
home under the barn. In the fall it be- 
comes very fat, and during the early part 
of winter it hibernates within its den; it 
comes out during the thaws of winter and 
early spring. 

The young skunks appear in May; they 
are born in an enlarged portion of the 
burrow, where a nice bed of grass and 
leaves is made for them; the skunk is scru- 
pulously neat about its own nest. The 
young skunks are very active and inter- 
esting to watch when playing together 
like kittens. 

The skunk belongs to the same family 
as the mink and weasel, which also give 
off a disagreeable odor when angry. The 
fetid material which is the skunk's defense 
is contained in two glands near the base 



of the tail. These little glands are about 
the size of marbles, and the quantity of 
liquid forced from them in a discharge is 
considerable and it will permeate the at- 
mosphere with its odor for a distance 
of half a mile down wind. Because this 
discharge is so disagreeable to all other 
creatures, the skunk's intelligence has not 
become so highly developed as has that of 
some animals. It has not been obliged to 
rely upon its cunning to escape its ene- 
mies, and has therefore never developed 















Verne Morton 

A skunk. Note the long, pointed head and the 
bushy tail 

either fear or cleverness. It marches abroad 
without haste, confident that every crea- 
ture which sees it will give it plenty of 
room. It is a night prowler, although it is 
not averse to a daytime promenade. The 
white upon its fur gives warning at night 
that here is an animal which had best be 
left alone. This immunity from attack 
makes the skunk careless in learning wis- 
dom from experience; it never learns to 
avoid a trap, or the dangers of a railway 
or trolley track. It plods deliberately across 
highways, leaving its protection to the 
motorist. 



246 



The skunk's food consists largely of 
fruits and berries, insects, mice, snakes, 
frogs, and other small animals. It also 
destroys the eggs and young of birds which 
nest upon the ground. It uses its strong 
forepaws in securing its prey. Dr. Mer- 
riam, who made pets of young skunks 
after removing their scent capsules, found 
them very interesting. He says of one 
which was named "Meph'': " We used 
to walk through the woods to a large 



ANIMALS 

SUGGESTED READING The Museum 
Comes to Life, by Maribelle Cormack and 
William P. Alexander; The Pet Book, by 
Anna B. Comstock; also, readings on 
page 214. 




Doubleday, Page &amp; Co. 

Pet skunks 

meadow that abounded in grasshoppers. 
Here, Meph would fairly revel in his fa- 
vorite food, and it was rich sport to watch 
his manoeuvres. When a grasshopper 
jumped, he jumped, and I have seen him 
with as many as three in his mouth and 
two under his forepaws at the same time." 

The only injury which the skunk is 
likely to do farmers is the raiding of hens' 
nests or the beehives; this can be obviated 
by properly housing the poultry and bees. 
On the other hand, the skunk is of great 
use in destroying injurious insects and 
mice. Often when skunks burrow beneath 
barns, they completely rid the place of 
mice. Skunk fur is very valuable and is 
sold, surprisingly, under its own name; it 
is exported in great quantities to Europe. 

The skunk takes short steps, and goes so 
slowly that it makes a double track, the 
imprints being very close together. The 
foot makes a longer track than that of the 
cat, as the skunk is plantigrade; that is, 
it walks upon its palms and heels as well 
as its toes. 



LESSON 60 

THE SKUNK 

LEADING THOUGHT The skunk has de- 
pended so long upon protecting itself from 
its enemies by its disagreeable odor that 
it has become stupid and unadaptable, 
and seems never to be able to learn to 
keep off railroad tracks or highways. It is 
a very beneficial animal to the farmer be- 
cause its food consists so largely of injuri- 
ous insects and rodents. 

METHOD The questions should be 
given the pupils and they should answer 
them from personal observations or in- 
quiries. 

OBSERVATIONS i . How large is a 
skunk? Describe its fur. Where does the 
black and white occur in the fur? Of what 
use is the white to the skunk? Is the fur 
valuable? What is its commercial name? 

2. What is the shape of the skunk's 
head? The general shape of the body? The 
tail? Are the front legs longer or shorter 
than the hind legs? Describe the front 
feet. For what are they used? 

3. Where and how does the skunk make 
its nest? Does it sleep like a wooclchuck 
during the winter? What is its food? How 
does it catch its prey? Does it hunt for 
its food during the day or the night? Does 
the skunk ever hurry? Is it afraid? How 
does it protect itself from its enemies? 
Do you think that the skunk's freedom 
from fear has rendered the animal less 
intelligent? 

4. At what time do the skunk kittens 
appear? Have you ever seen little skunks 
playing? If so, describe their antics. How 
is the nest made soft for the young ones? 

5. How does the skunk benefit farmers? 
Does it ever do them any injury? Do you 
think that it does more good than harm? 

6. Describe the skunk's track as fol- 
lows: How many toes show in the track? 
Does the palm or heel show? Are the tracks 



MAMMALS 



247 



near together? Do they form a single or 
a double line? 

Few animals are so silent as the skunk. 
Zoological works contain no information 
as to its voice, and the essayists rarely 
mention it except by implication. Mr. 
Burroughs says: " The most silent creature 
known to me, he makes no sound, so far as 
I have observed, save a diffuse, impatient 
noise, like that produced by beating your 
hand with a whisk-broom, when the farm- 
dog has discovered his retreat in the stone 
fence." Rowland Robinson tells us that: 
" The voiceless creature sometimes fright- 
ens the belated farm-boy, whom he curi- 
ously follows with a mysterious hollow 
beating of his feet upon the ground/ 7 
Thoreau, as has been mentioned, heard 
one keep up a " fine grunting, like a little 
pig or a squirrel "; but he seems to have 



misunderstood altogether a singular loud 
patting sound heard repeatedly on the 
frozen ground under the wall, which he 
also listened to, for he thought it " had to 
do with getting its food, patting the earth 
to get the insects or worms." Probably he 
would have omitted this guess if he could 
have edited his diary instead of leaving 
that to be done after his death. The pat- 
ting is evidently merely a nervous sign of 
impatience or apprehension, similar to the 
well-known stamping with the hind feet 
indulged in by rabbits, in this case prob- 
ably a menace like a doubling of the fists, 
as the hind legs, with which they kick, 
are their only weapons. The skunk, then, 
is not voiceless, but its voice is weak and 
querulous, and it is rarely if ever heard ex- 
cept in the expression of anger. 

" WILD NEIGHBORS," 
ERNEST INGERSOLL 




General Biological Supply House, Chicago 

A raccoon. In the picture the heavy dark portion over the top of his head is caused by a 
shadow but he does have a black mask across his eyes 



THE RACCOON 



None other of our little brothers of the 
forest has such a mischievous countenance 
as the coon. The black patch across the 



face and surrounding the eyes like large 
goggles, and the black line extending from 
the long, inquisitive nose directly up the 




ANIMALS 



Treed 

forehead give the coon's face an anxious 
expression; and the keenness of the big, 
beady, black eyes and the alert, " sassy " 
looking, broadly triangular ears, convince 
one that the anxiety depicted in the face 
is anxiety lest something that should not 
be done be left undone; and I am sure 
that anyone who has had experience with 
pet coons will aver that their acts do not 
belie their looks. 

What country child, wandering by the 
brook and watching its turbulence in early 
spring, has not viewed with awe a foot- 
print on the muddy banks looking as if 
it were made by the foot of a very little 
baby? The first one I ever saw I promptly 
concluded was made by the foot of a brook 
fairy. However, the coon is no fairy; it is 
a rather heavy, logy animal and, like the 
bear and skunk, is plantigrade, walking on 
the entire foot instead of on the toes, like 
a cat or dog. The hind foot is long, with 
a well-marked heel, and five comparatively 
short toes, giving it a remarkable resem- 
blance to a human foot. The front foot 
is smaller and looks like a wide, little hand, 
with four long fingers and a rather short 
thumb. The claws are strong and sharp. 
The soles of the feet and the palms of the 
hands look as if they were covered with 
black kid, while the feet above and the 
backs of the hands are covered with short 
fur. Coon tracks are likely to be found dur- 



ing the thawing days of winter, along some 
stream or the borders of swamps, often 
following the path made by cattle. The 
full-length track is about two inches long; 
as the coon puts the hind foot in the 
track made by the front foot on the same 
side, only the print of the hind feet is 
left, showing plainly five toe prints and 
the heel. The tracks may vary from one- 
half inch to one foot or more apart de- 
pending on how fast the animal is going; 
when it runs it goes on its toes, but when 
walking it sets the heel down; the tracks 
are not in so straight a line as those made 
by the cat. Sometimes it goes at a slow 
jump, when the prints of the hind feet 
are paired, and between and behind them 
are the prints of the two front feet. 

The coon is covered with long, rather 
coarse hair, so long as almost to drag when 
the animal is walking; it really has two 
different kinds of hair, the long, coarse, 
gray hair, blackened at the tips, covering 
the fine, short, grayish or brownish under- 
coat. The very handsome bushy tail is 
ringed with black and gray. 

The raccoon feeds on almost anything 
eatable, except herbage. It has a special 
predilection for corn in the milk stage 
and, in attaining this sweet and tooth- 
some luxury, it strips down the husks and 
often breaks the plant, doing much dam- 
age. It is also fond of poultry and often 
raids hen houses; it also destroys birds' 
nests and the young, thus doing harm to 
the farmer by killing both domestic and 
wild birds. It is especially fond of fish and 
is an adept at sitting on the shore and 
catching them with its hands; it likes tur- 
tle eggs, crayfish, and snakes; it haunts the 
bayous of the Gulf Coast for the oysters 
which grow there; it is also a skillful frog 
catcher. Although fond of animal diet, 
it is also fond of fruit, especially of berries 
and wild grapes. It usually chooses for a 
home a hollow tree or a cavern in a ledge 
near a stream, because of its liking for 
water creatures. 

Coons when in captivity have been 
known to wash their meat before eating 
it. I have watched a pet coon perform this 
act; he would take a piece of meat in his 



MAMMALS 



249 



hands, dump it into the pan of drinking 
water and souse it up and down a few 
times; then he would get into the pan with 
his splay feet and roll the meat beneath 
and between them, meanwhile looking 
quite unconcernedly at his surroundings, 
as if washing the meat were an act too me- 
chanical to occupy his mind. After the 
meat had been soaked until it was white 
and flabby, he would take it in his hands 
and hang onto it with a tight grip while he 
pulled off pieces with his teeth; or some- 
times he would hold it with his feet, and 
use hands as well as teeth in tearing it 
apart. The coon's teeth are very much 
like those of the cat, having long, sharp 
tushes or canines, and sharp, wedge-shaped 
grinding teeth, which cut as well as grind. 
After eating, the pet coon always washed 
his feet by splashing them in the pan. 

It is an amusing sight to watch a coon 
arrange itself for a nap, on a branch or 
in the fork of a tree; it adapts its fat body 
to the unevenness of the bed with ap- 
parent comfort; it then tucks its nose 
down between its paws and curls its tail 
about itself, making a huge, furry ball. 
In all probability, the rings of gray and 
black on the tail serve as protective color 
to the animal sleeping in a tree during 
the daytime, when sunshine and shadow 
glance down between the leaves with ever- 
changing light. The coon spends much 
of its day asleep in some such situation, 
and comes forth at night to seek its food. 

In the fall, the coon lays on fat enough 
to last it during its winter sleep. Usually 
several inhabit the same nest in winter, 
lying curled up together in a hollow tree, 
and remain dormant during the most se- 
vere weeks of winter, coming out during 
periods of thaw. 

The young are born in April; there are 
from three to six in a litter; they are blind 
and helpless at first, and are cared for 
carefully by their parents; the family re- 
mains together until fall. If removed from 
their parents the young ones cry pitifully, 
almost like babies. The cry or whistle of 
the fully grown coon is anything but a 
happy sound, and is quite impossible to 
describe. I have been awakened by it many 



a night in camp, and it always sounded 
strange, taking on each time new quavers 
and whimperings. As a cry, it is first cousin 
to that of the screech owl. 

The stories of pet coons are many. I 
knew one which, chained in a yard, would 
lie curled up near its post looking like an 
innocent stone except for one eye kept 
watchfully open. Soon a hen filled with 
curiosity would come warily near, look- 
ing longingly at remains of food in the 
pan; the coon would make no move until 
the disarmed biddy had come close to the 
pan. Then there would be a scramble 
and a squawk and with astonishing celerity 
he would wring her neck and strip off her 
feathers. Another pet coon was allowed 
to range over the house at will, and finally 
had to be sent away because he had 
learned to open every door in the house, 
including cupboard doors, and could also 
open boxes and drawers left unlocked; and 
I have always believed he could have 
learned to unlock drawers if he had been 
given the key. All coons are very curious, 
and one way of trapping them is to sus- 
pend above the trap a bit of bright tin; in 
studying this glittering mystery, they for 
get all about traps. 

SUGGESTED READING Mother Nature 
Series, by Fannie W. Dunn and Eleanor 




Marion E. Wesp 

This pet raccoon is angry because she has 
been taken from the shoulder of her mistress 
and placed on a post to have her picture taken 



ANIMALS 



Troxell, Book i, Baby Animals, Book 3, 
In Field and Forest; The Museum Comes 
to Life, by Maribelle Cormack and Wil- 
liam P. Alexander; The Pet Boole, by Anna 
B. Comstock; Ringtail, by Alice C. Gall 
and F. H. Crew; also, readings on page 214. 

LESSON 61 
THE RACCOON 

LEADING THOUGHT The raccoon lives 
in hollow trees OT caves along the banks 
of streams. It sleeps during the day and 
seeks its food at night. It sleeps during 
the winter. 

METHOD If there are raccoons in the 
vicinity, ask the older boys to look for 
their tracks near the streams and to de- 
scribe them very carefully to the class. 
The ideal method of studying the animal 
is to have a pet coon where the children 
may watch at leisure its entertaining and 
funny performances. If this is impossible, 
then follow the less desirable method of 
having the pupils read about the habits 
of the coon and thus arouse their interest 
and open their eyes, so that they may make 
observations of their own when oppor- 
tunity offers. I would suggest the follow- 
ing topics for oral or written work in 
English: 

"How and Where Coons Live and 
What They Do "; " The Autobiography 
of a Coon One Year Old "; " The Queer 
Antics of Pet Coons "; " Stories of the 
Coon's Relative, the Bear/ 7 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where have you 
found raccoon tracks? How do they differ 
from those of fox or dog? How far are the 
foot prints apart? Can you see the heel 
and toe prints? Do you see the tracks of 
all four feet? Are the tracks in a straight 
line like those of the cat? What is the 
size of the track, the length, the breadth? 



2. What do coons eat and how do they 
get their food? Which of our crops are 
they likely to damage? What other dam- 
age do they do? Have you ever heard coons 
cry or whistle during August nights in the 
cornfields? 

3. Why do raccoons like to live near 
the water? What do they find of interest 
there? How do they prepare their meat 
before eating it? How does a coon handle 
its meat while eating it? 

4. What kind of fur has the coon? Why 
does it need such a heavy covering? De- 
scribe the color of the fur. Describe the 
tail. Of what use is such a large and bushy 
tail to this animal? 

5. Describe the coon's face. How is it 
marked? What is its expression? Describe 
the eyes, ears, and nose. Has it teeth re- 
sembling those of the cat and dog? 

6. Describe the coon's feet. How many 
toes on the front feet? How many on the 
hind feet? How does this differ from the 
cat and dog? How clo the front and hind 
feet differ in appearance? Can both be 
used as hands? 

7. How do coons arrange themselves 
for a nap in a tree? How do they cover 
the head? How is the tail used? Do you 
think this bushy tail used in this way 
would help to keep the animal warm in 
winter? Do coons sleep most by day or by 
night? 

8. At what time of year are coons fat- 
test? Leanest? Why? Do they ever come 
out of their nests in winter? Do they live 
together or singly in winter? 

9. At what time of year are the young 
coons born? Do you know how they look 
when they are young? How are they cared 
for by their parents? 

10. Are the coon's movements slow or 
fast? What large animal is a near relative 
of the coon? 



THE WOLF 



The study of the wolf should precede 
the lessons on the fox and the dog. After 
becoming familiar with the habits of 
wolves, the pupils will be much better 
able to understand the nature of the dog 



and its life as a wild animal. In most lo- 
calities, the study of the wolf must, of 
course, be a matter of reading, unless the 
pupils have an opportunity to study the 
animal in zoological gardens. 



MAMMALS 

It might be well to begin this lesson 
on the wolf with a talk about the gray 
wolves which our ancestors had to con- 
tend with, and also with stories of the 
coyote or prairie wolf which has learned 
to adapt itself to civilization and flourishes 
in the regions west of the Rocky Moun- 
tains, despite men and dogs. Literature is 
rich in wolf stories. Although Kipling's 
famous Mowgli Stories belong to the 
realm of fiction, yet they contain inter- 
esting accounts of the habits of the wolves 
of India, and are based upon the hunter's 
and tracker's knowledge of these animals. 
We have many thrillingly interesting sto- 
ries in our own literature which deal with 
our native wolves. Some of the best are 
noted in the suggested reading at the end 
of this section. 





K H. McCleery 

Wolves, seldom seen now, once ranged over 
many parts of North America 



Leonard K. Beyer 

A captive wolf 



From some or all of these stories, the 
pupils should get information about the 
habits of the wolves. This information 
may be incorporated in an essay or an 
oral exercise and should cover the follow- 
ing points: Where do the wolves live? 
On what do they feed? How do they get 
their prey? How do they call to each 
other? Description of the den where the 
young are reared. The wolfs cleverness 
in eluding hunters and traps. 

SUGGESTED READING Animal Heroes, 
Lives of the Hunted, and Wild Animals 
I Have Known, all by Ernest Thompson 
Seton; Watched by Wild Animals, by 
Enos A. Mills; also, readings on page 214. 



THE FOX 



Do we not always, on a clear morning 
of winter, feel a thrill that must have 
something primitive in its quality at see- 
ing certain tracks in the snow that some- 
how suggest wildness and freedom! Such 
is the track of the fox. Although it is 
somewhat like that of a small dog, yet it 
is very different. The fox has longer legs 
than most dogs of his weight, and there 
is more of freedom in his track and more 
of strength and agility expressed in it. His 
gait is usually an easy lope; this places the 



imprint of three feet in a line, one ahead 
of another, but the fourth is off a little 
at one side, as if to keep the balance. 

The fox lives in a den or burrow. The 
only fox home which I ever saw was a 
rather deep cave beneath the roots of a 
sturnp, and there was no burrow or retreat 
beyond it. However, foxes often select 
woodchuck burrows, or make burrows of 
their own, and if they are caught within, 
they can dig rapidly, as many a hunter can 
attest. The mother usually selects an open 




ANIMALS 



Red fox cubs 

place as a den for the young foxes; often 
an open field or sidehill is chosen for 
this. The den is carpeted with grass and 
is a very comfortable place for the fox 
puppies. 

The face of the red fox shows plainly 
why he has been able to cope with man, 
and thrive despite and because of him. 
If ever a face showed cunning, it is his. 
Its pointed, slender nose gives it an ex- 
pression of extreme cleverness, while the 
width of the head between the upstand- 
ing, triangular ears gives room for a brain 
of power. In color the fox is russet-red, the 
hind quarters being grayish. The legs are 
black outside and white inside; the throat 
is white, and the broad, triangular ears are 
tipped with black. The glory of the fox is 
his " brush/' as the beautiful, bushy tail 
is called. This is red, with black toward 
the end and is white-tipped. This tail is 
not merely for beauty, for it affords the fox 
warmth during the winter, as anyone who 
has observed the way it is wrapped around 
the sleeping animal may see. But this 
bushy tail is a disadvantage, if it becomes 
bedraggled and heavy with snow and 
sleet, when the hounds are giving close 
chase to its owner. The silver fox and the 
black fox are color phases of the red fox. 

The fox is an inveterate hunter of the 
animals of the field; meadow mice, rab- 
bits, woodchucks, frogs, snakes, and grass- 
hoppers are all acceptable food; he is also 
destructive of birds. His fondness for the 
latter has given him a bad reputation with 
the farmer because of his attacks on poul- 
try. Not only will he raid hen-roosts if 
he can force entrance, but he catches 
many fowls in the summer when they are 
wandering through the fields. The way 
he carries the heavy burden of his larger 



prey shows his cleverness: he slings a hen 
or a goose over his shoulders, keeping the 
head in his mouth to steady the burden. 
Mr. Cram says, in American Animals: 

" Yet, although the farmer and the fox 
are such inveterate enemies, they manage 
to benefit each other in a great many ways 
quite unintentionally. The fox destroys 
numberless field mice and woodchucks 
for the farmer and in return the farmer 
supplies him with poultry, and builds con- 
venient bridges over streams and wet 
places, which the fox crosses oftener than 
the farmer, for he is as sensitive as a cat 
about getting his feet wet. On the whole, 
I am inclined to believe that the fox gets 
the best part of the exchange, for, while 
the farmer shoots at him on every occa- 
sion, and hunts him with dogs in the win- 
ter, he has cleared the land of wolves and 
panthers, so that foxes are probably safer 
than before any land was ploughed. 7 ' 

The bark of the fox is a high, sharp 
yelp, more like the bark of the coyote 
than of the dog. There is no doubt a con- 
siderable range of meaning in the fox's 
language, of which we are ignorant. He 
growls when angry, and when pleased he 
smiles like a dog and wags his beautiful 
tail. 

Many are the wiles of the fox to mislead 
dogs following his track: he often retraces 
his own steps for a few yards and then 
makes a long sidewise jump; the dogs go 
on, up to the end of the trail pocket, and 
try in vain to get the scent from that point. 
Sometimes he walks along the top rails 
of fences or takes the high and dry ridges 
where the scent will not remain; he often 




Verne Morton 



The attentive ears and bright eyes of these 
fox cubs show a keen interest in their sur- 
roundings 



MAMMALS 



253 



follows roads and beaten paths and also 
goes around and around in the midst of 
a herd of cattle or sheep so that his scent 
is hidden; he crosses streams on logs and 
invents various other devices too numer- 
ous and intricate to describe. When 
chased by dogs, he naturally runs in a 
circle, probably so as not to be too far 
from home. If there are young ones in the 
den, the father fox leads the hounds far 
away, into the next county if possible. 
Perhaps one of the most clever tricks of 
the fox is to make friends with the dogs. 
I have known of two instances where a 
dog and fox were daily companions and 
playfellows. 

The young foxes are born in the spring. 
They are gray and woolly at first and are 
fascinating little creatures, being exceed- 
ingly playful and active. Their parents are 
very devoted to them, and during all their 
puppyhood the mother fox is a menace 
to the poultry of the region, because the 
necessity of feeding her rapidly growing 
litter is upon her. 

SUGGESTED READING Biography of a 
Silver Fox, by Ernest Thompson Seton; 
The Fall of the Year, by Dallas L. Sharp; 
Mother Nature Series, by Fannie W. 
Dunn and Eleanor Troxell, Book i, Baby 
Animals; The Pet Boofc, by Anna B. Corn- 
stock; Red Fox, by Charles G. D. Roberts; 
Skinny, the Gray Fox, by Agnes A. At- 
kinson; Sprite, the Story of a Red Fox, 
by Ernest H. Baynes; Wild Animals I 
Have Known, by Ernest Thompson Seton; 
also, readings on page 214. 

LESSON 62 
THE Fox 

LEADING THOUGHT The red fox is so 
clever that it has been able, in many parts 
of our country, to maintain itself despite 
dogs and men. 

METHOD This lesson is likely to be 
given largely from hearsay or reading. 
However, if the school is in a rural district, 
there will be plenty of hunters' stories 



afloat, from which may be elicited facts 
concerning the cunning and cleverness of 
the red fox. In such places there is also 
the opportunity in winter to study fox 
tracks upon the snow. The lesson may well 
be given when there are fox tracks for 
observation. The close relationship be- 
tween foxes and dogs should be empha- 
sized. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Describe the fox's 
track. How does it differ from the track 
of a small dog? 

2. Where does the fox make its home? 
Describe the den. Describe the den in 
which the young foxes live. 

3. Describe the red fox, its color and 
form, as completely as you can. What is 
the expression of its face? What is there 
peculiar about its tail? What is the use 
of this great bushy tail in the winter? 

4. What is the food of the fox? How 
does it get its food? Is it a day or a night 
hunter? How does the fox benefit the 
farmer? How does it injure him? How 
does the fox carry home its heavy game, 
such as a goose or a hen? 

5. Have you ever heard the fox bark? 
Did it sound like the bark of a dog? How 
does the fox express anger? Pleasure? 

6. When chased by dogs, in what di- 
rection does the fox run? Describe all of 
the tricks which you know by which the 
fox throws the dog off the scent. 

7. When are the young foxes born? 
How many in a litter? What color are 
they? How do they play with each other? 
How do they learn to hunt? 




U. S. Bureau of Biol. Survey 

Silver fox 



ANIMALS 




National Sportsman 

English setter. This is the famous Brownie's Spot, field trial winner and bench show 

champion 



DOGS 



Not only today but in ancient days, be- 
fore the dawn of history, the dog was the 
companion of man. Whether the wild 
species from whence he sprang was wolf 
or jackal or some other similar animal, we 
do not know, but we do know that many 
types of dogs have been tamed independ- 
ently by savages, in the region where their 
untamed relatives run wild. As the whelps 
of wolves, jackals, and foxes are all easily 
tamed, and are most interesting little crea- 
tures, we can understand how they be- 
came companions to the children of the 
savage and barbarous peoples who hunted 
them. 

In the earliest records of cave dwellers, 
in the picture writing of the ancient Egyp- 
tians and of other ancient peoples, we find 
record of the presence and value of the 
dog. But man, in historical times, has been 
able to evolve breeds that vary more in 
form than do the wild species of the pres- 
ent. There are 200 distinct breeds of dogs 



known today, and many of these have 
been bred for special purposes. The pale- 
ontologists, moreover, assure us that there 
has been a decided advance in the size 
and quality of the dog's brain since the 
days of his savagery; thus, he has been 
the companion of man's civilization also. 
It is not, therefore, to be wondered at that 
the dog is now the most companionable, 
and has the most human qualities and 
intelligence of all our domesticated 
animals. 

Dogs run down their prey; it is a neces- 
sity, therefore, that they be equipped with 
legs that are long, strong, and muscular. 
The cat, which jumps for her prey, has 
much more delicate legs but has powerful 
hips to enable her to leap. The dog's feet 
are much more heavily padded than those 
of the cat, because in running he must 
not stop to save his feet. Hounds often 
return from a chase with bleeding feet, 
despite the heavy pads, but the wounds 



MAMMALS 



are usually cuts between the toes. The 
claws are heavy and are not retractile; thus, 
they afford a protection to the feet when 
running, and they are also used for dig- 
ging out game which burrows into the 
ground. They are not used for grasping 
prey like those of the cat and are used 
only incidentally in fighting, while the 
cat's claws are the most important weap- 
ons in her armory. It is an interesting fact 
that Newfoundland dogs, which are such 




U. S. Dept. Agriculture 

Boston terrier. This small popular breed is 
one of the few to originate in America. It is 
very companionable and highly intelligent 

famous swimmers, have their toes some- 
what webbed. 

The dog's body is long, lean, and very 
muscular, a fat dog being usually pam- 
pered and old. The coat is of hair and is 
not of fine fur like that of the cat. It is 
of interest to note that the Newfoundland 
dog has an inner coat of fine hair com- 
parable to that of the mink or muskrat. 
When a dog is running, his body is ex- 
tended to its fullest length; in fact, it 
seems to " lie flat/ 7 the outstretched legs 
heightening the effect of extreme muscu- 
lar effort of forward movement. A dog 
is master of several gaits; he can run, walk, 
trot, bound, and crawl. 

The iris of the dog's eye is usually of 




U. S. Dept. Agriculture 

Beagle. These hounds hunt individually, in 
pairs, or in packs; they are used chiefly for 
hunting rabbits 

a beautiful brown, although this varies 
with breeds; in puppies, the iris is usually 
blue. The pupil is round like our own; and 
although dogs probably cannot see as well 
in the dark as the cat, they see well at 
night and in daylight they have keen sight. 
The nose is so much more efficient than 
the eyes, that it is on the sense of smell 
the dog depends for following his prey 
and for recognizing friend and foe. The 
damp, soft skin that covers the nose has 
in its dampness the conditions for carry- 
ing the scent to the wide nostrils; these 
are situated at the most forward part of 
the face, and thus may be lifted in any 




U. S. Dept. Agriculture 



Greyhound. This swiftest of all large dogs 
hunts by sight 




ANIMALS 



St. Bernard. These dogs stand about thirty 
inches high and have an average weight of 
175 pounds 

direction to receive the marvelous impres- 
sions, so completely beyond our compre- 
hension. Think of being able to scent the 
track of a fox made several hours previ- 
ously, and not only to scent it, but to fol- 
low it by scent for many miles without 
ever having a glimpse of the fleeing foe! In 
fact, while running, the dog's attention 
seems to be focused entirely upon the 
sense of smell, for I have seen hounds pass 
within a few rods to the windward of the 
fox they were chasing, without observing 
him at all. Furthermore, according to 
E. H. Baynes, the dog's sense of smell is 
keen enough to distinguish the scent of 
the particular creature he is hunting from 
that of all others, and to distinguish the 
scent of several animals from that of only 
one. He knows the difference between 
foot scent and body scent, and he can 
immediately tell the scent of a wounded 
animal from that of a dead one. He can 
tell, moreover, the direction in which 
foot scent leads, and some dogs, at least, 
can follow a particular trail no matter 
how many other scents have been super- 
imposed upon it. It has been said that 
the sense of smell in dogs, and especially 
in hounds, is so acute that the amount of 
odor required to stimulate the nose is too 
slight to be expressed. When the nose of 
a dog becomes dry it is a sign of illness. 

A light fall of damp snow gives the dog 
the best conditions for following a track 



by scent. A hound, when on the trail, 
will run until exhausted. There are many 
authentic observations which show that 
hounds have followed a fox for twenty- 
four hours without food, and probably 
with little rest. 

Because the dog's sense of smell is so 
important to him, he should never be 
punished by being struck over the nose. 
Nor should he be struck at all about the 
head and ears, lest his hearing be dam- 
aged. A dog is so sensitive to inflections 
and tones of voice that a severe word is 
usually punishment enough; if it seems 
necessary to strike him, he should be 
struck only on the foreshoulders and 
sides. A folded newspaper is good for the 
purpose. 

The dog's weapons for battle, like those 
of the wolf, are his tushes; with these 
he holds and tears his prey; with them he 
seizes the woodchuck or other small ani- 
mal through the back and shakes its life 
out. In fighting a larger animal, the dog 
leaps against it and often incidentally 
tears its flesh with his strong claws; but 
he does not strike a blow with his foot 
like the cat, nor can he hold his quarry 
with it. 

Dogs' teeth are especially fitted for their 
work. The incisors are small and sharp; the 




H. M. Isenhower 



Pointer. These dogs are called pointers be- 
cause of their habit of pointing at the con- 
cealed game birds they have scented. This is 
Isenhower's Flaro, a champion 



MAMMALS 



canine teeth or tushes are very long, but 
there are bare spaces on the jaws so that 
they are able to cross past each other; the 
molar teeth are not adapted for grinding., 
like the teeth of a cow, but are especially 
fitted for cutting, as may be noted if we 
watch the way a dog gnaws bones, gnaw- 
ing with the back teeth first on one side 
and then on the other. In fact, a dog does 
not seem to need to chew anything, but 
simply needs to cut his meat in small 
enough pieces so that he can gulp them 
down without chewing. His powers of di- 
gesting unchewed food are something that 
the hustling American may well envy. 




Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Page 

Beagle pups. Beagles are small models of 
foxhounds; they are not so swift as foxhounds, 
but seem to have a keener sense of smell 

Of all domestic animals, the dog is most 
humanly understandable in expressing 
emotions. If delighted, he leaps about giv- 
ing ecstatic little barks and squeals, his 
tail in the air and his eyes full of happy 
anticipation. If he wishes to be friendly, 
he looks at us interestedly, comes over to 
smell of us in order to assure himself 
whether he has ever met us before, and 
then wags his tail as a sign of good faith. 
If he wishes to show affection, he leaps 
upon us and licks our face or hands with 
his soft, deft tongue and follows us jeal- 
ously. When he stands at attention he 
holds his tail stiff in the air, and looks 
up with one ear lifted as if to say, " Well, 
what's doing? " When angry, he growls 
and shows his teeth and the tail is held 
rigidly out behind, as if to convince us 




Helen F. Hill 



English springer spaniel. No other family 
of dogs contains so many recognized breeds 
as the spaniel family seven hunting and 
two^ toy breeds. Formerly these dogs were 
trained to flush or " spring " the game so that 
swifter dogs or falcons could catch it; today 
they are popular as all-purpose dogs 




The Seeing Eye, Inc. 

A Seeing^ Eye dog. The training of dogs to 
lead the blind began in the United States; the 
same methods have now become popular in 
Europe. The Seeing Eye has headquarters in 
New York City 



ANIMALS 



that it is really a continuation of his back- Baynes; The Story of Scotch, by Enos A. 
bone. When afraid, he whines and lies flat Mills; Stickeen; the Story of a Dog, by 

1 1 ,- f^ T-&gt; .* ^ T-* ^-vl 1 _ . * .1 !_!_' _ 1 _ 1 * 1 T 1 ~\ IT TTrr-TTA 1 TTTT T s- 



upon his belly, often looking beseechingly 
up toward his master as if begging not to 




H. M. Isenhower 

English pointer pups 

be punished; or he crawls away out of 
sight. When ashamed, he drops his tail 
between his legs and with drooping head 
and sidewise glance slinks away. When ex- 
cited, he barks and every bark expresses 
high nervous tension. 

Almost all dogs that chase their prey 
bark when so doing. This action would at 
first sight seem foolish, in that it reveals 
their whereabouts to their victims and 
also adds an incentive to flight. These 
dogs have been trained through many 
generations and have been selected be- 
cause of various peculiarities; a good fox 
hound, coon hound, or rabbit hound 
barks in order to tell the hunter, not only 
where it is but what it is doing. A certain 
kind of bark may indicate to the hunter 
that the game is " treed " or chased into 
a hole. 

Most breeds of clogs have an acute 
sense of hearing. When a dog bays at the 
moon or howls when he hears music, it 
is simply a reversion to the wild habit of 
howling to call together the pack or in 
answer " to the music of the pack/ 7 It is 
interesting that our music, which is the 
flower of our civilization, should awaken 
the sleeping ancestral traits in the canine 
breast. But perhaps that, too, is why we 
respond to music, because it awakens in 
us the strong, primitive emotions, and for 
the time enables us to free ourselves from 
all conventional shackles and trammels. 

SUGGESTED READING The Book of 
Dogs, by James G. Lawson; Call of the 
Wild, by Jack London; Mother Nature 
Series, by Fannie W. Dunn and Eleanor 
Troxell, Book i, Baby Animals; The Pet 
Boole, by Anna B. Comstock; Polaris, the 
Story of an Eskimo Dog, by Ernest H. 



John Muir; Wild Animals I Have Known, 
Animal Heroes, and Lives of the Hunted^ 
all by Ernest Thompson Seton; A Friend 
in the Dark, by Ruth A. Knight; also, 
readings on page 214. 

LESSON 63 
DOGS 

LEADING THOUGHT The dog is a do- 
mesticated descendant of wolflike ani- 
mals and has retained certain of the habits 
and characteristics of his ancestors. 

METHOD For the observation lesson 
it would be well to have at hand a well- 
disposed dog which would not object to 
being handled; a collie or a hound would 
be preferable. Many of the questions 
should be given to the pupils to answer 
from observations at home, and the lesson 
should be built upon the experience of 
the pupils with dogs. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Why are the legs 
of the dog compared with those of the 
cat long and strong in proportion to the 
body? 

2, Compare the feet of the cat with 
those of the dog and note which has the 
heavier pads. Why is this of use to each? 

3. Which has the stronger and heavier 




Leonard K. Beyer 

Collie. This breed of dogs shows great in- 
telligence in the herding of various kinds of 
domestic animals; it has long been used in 
Scotland, but its popularity has spread to 
many other countries. The one pictured here 
is not today the show type 



MAMMALS 



claws, the dog or the cat? Can the dog 
retract his claws so that they are not visi- 
ble, as does the cat? Of what use is this 
arrangement to the dog? Are the front 
feet just like the hind feet? How many 
toe impressions show in the track of the 
dog? 

4. What is the general characteristic of 
the body of the dog? Is it soft like that 
of the cat, or lean and muscular? What 
is the difference between the hair cover- 
ing of the dog and the cat? What is the 




Klondike Jack. The dog that pulled four 
hundred fifty pounds five hundred miles 
through the White Horse Pass in the winter 
of the first gold excitement in Alaska 

attitude of the dog when running fast? 
How many kinds of gaits has he? 

5. In general, how do the eyes of the 
dog differ from those of the cat? Does he 
rely as much upon his eyes for finding his 
prey as does the cat? Can a dog see in 
the dark? What is the color of the dog's 
eyes? 

6. Study the ear of the dog; is it cov- 
ered? Is this outer ear movable, is it a flap, 
or is it cornucopia-shaped? How is this flap 
used when the dog is listening? Roll a 
sheet of paper into a flaring tube and place 
the small end upon your own ear, and 
note if it helps you to hear better the 
sounds in the direction toward which the 
tube opens. Note how the hound lifts his 
long earlaps, so as to make a tube for con- 
veying sounds to his inner ear. Do you 
think that dogs can hear well? 

7. What is the position of the nose in 
the dog's face? Of what use is this? De- 




Mr, and Airs. J. W. Page 

English setter. This breed originated in 
England from a cross between a field spaniel 
and a pointer 

scribe the nostrils; are they placed on the 
foremost point of the face? What is the 
condition of the skin that surrounds them? 
How does this condition of the nose aid 
the dog? What other animals have it? 
Does the dog recognize his friends or be- 
come acquainted with strangers by means 
of his sight or of his powers of smelling? 
8. How long after a fox or rabbit has 
passed can a hound follow the track? Does 




St. Bernard, This breed of huge dogs was 
developed by monks in the Swiss Alps to aid 
in the rescue of people lost in the mountains 



260 



ANIMALS 



he follow it by sight or by smell? What are 
the conditions most favorable for retain- 
ing the scent? The most unfavorable? 
How long will a hound follow a fox trail 
without stopping for rest or food? Do you 
think the dog is your superior in ability 
to smell? 

9. How does a dog seize and kill his 
prey? How does he use his feet and claws 
when fighting? What are his especially 
strong weapons? Describe a dog's teeth 
and explain the reason for the bare spaces 
on the jaw next to the tushes. Does the 
dog use his tushes when chewing? What 
teeth does he use when gnawing a bone? 
Make a diagram of the arrangement of 
the dog's teeth. 

10. How by action, voice, and especially 
by the movement of the tail does the dog 
express the following emotions: delight, 
friendliness, affection, attention, anger, 
fear, shame, excitement? How does he act 
when chasing his prey? Why do wolves 



and dogs bark when following the trail? 
Do you think of a reason why dogs often 
howl at night or when listening to music? 
What should we feed to our pet dogs? 
What should we do to make them com- 
fortable in other ways? 

11. Tell or write a story of some dog 
of which you know by experience or hear- 
say. Of what use was the dog to the pio- 
neer? How are dogs used in the Arctic 
regions? In Holland? 

12. How many breeds of dogs do you 
know? Describe these breeds as follows: 
The length of the legs as compared with 
the body; the general shape of the body, 
head, ears, nose; color and character of 
hair on head, body, and tail. 

13. Find if you can the reasons which 
have led to the developing of the fol- 
lowing breeds: Newfoundland, St. Ber- 
nard, mastiffs, hounds, collies, spaniels, 
setters, pointers, bulldogs, terriers, and 
pugs. 




A cat family 



Verne Morton 



THE CAT 



Of all people, the writer should regard 
the cat sympathetically, for when she was 
a baby of five months she was adopted by 
a cat. My self-elected foster-mother was 



Jenny, a handsome black and white cat, 
which at that time lost her first litter of 
kittens, through the attack of a savage 
cat from the woods. She was as Rachel 



MAMMALS 



261 



crying for her children, when she seemed 
suddenly to comprehend that I, although 
larger than she, was an infant. She haunted 
my cradle, trying to give me milk from her 
own breasts; and later she brought half- 
killed mice and placed them enticingly in 
my cradle, coaxing me to play with them, 
a performance which pleased me much 
more than it did my real mother. Jenny 
always came to comfort me when I cried, 
rubbing against me, purring loudly, and 
licking me with her tongue in a way to 
drive mad the modern mother, wise as to 
the sources of children's internal parasites. 
This maternal attitude toward me lasted 
as long as Jenny lived, which was until I 
was nine years old. Never during those 
years did I lift my voice in wailing, that she 
did not come to comfort me; and even to- 
day I can remember how great that com- 
fort was, especially when my naughtiness 
was the cause of my weeping, and when, 
therefore, I felt that the whole world, ex- 
cept Jenny, was against me. 

Jenny was a cat of remarkable intelli- 
gence and was very obedient and useful. 
Coming down the kitchen stairs one day, 
she played with the latch, and someone 
who heard her opened the door. She did 
this several times, when one day she 
chanced to push down the latch, and thus 





Folks are so tiresome! " 



Kittens 

opened the door herself. After that, she 
always opened it herself. A little later, 
she tried the trick on other doors, and 
soon succeeded in opening all the latched 
doors in the house, by thrusting one front 
leg through the handle, and thus support- 
ing her weight and pressing down with 
the foot of the other on the thumb-piece 
of the latch. I remember that guests were 
greatly astonished to see her coming thus 
swinging into the sitting room. Later she 
tried the latches from the other side, jump- 
ing up and trying to lift the hook; but 
now, her weight was thrown against the 
wrong side of the door for opening, and 
she soon ceased this futile waste of energy; 
but for several years, she let herself into 
all the rooms in this clever manner, and 
taught a few of her bright kittens to do 
the same. 

A pet cat enjoys long conversations with 
favored members of the household. She 
will sit in front of her mistress and mew, 
with every appearance of answering the 
questions addressed her; and since the cat 
and the mistress each knows her own part 
of the conversation, it is perhaps more 
typical of society chatter than we might 
like to confess. Of our language, the cat 
learns to understand the call to food, its 
own name, " Scat/ 7 and " No, No," prob- 
ably inferring the meaning of the latter 
from the tone of voice. On the other hand, 
we understand when it asks to go out, and 
its polite recognition to the one who opens 
the door. I knew one cat which invariably 
thanked us when we let him in as well as 
out. When the cat is hungry, it mews 
pleadingly; when happy in front of the 



262 



ANIMALS 




Marion E. Wesp 



On the doorstep 

fire, it looks at us sleepily out of half-closed 
eyes and gives a short mew expressive of 
affection and content; or it purrs, a noise 
which we do not know how to imitate 
and which expresses perfectly the happi- 
ness of intimate companionship. When 
frightened the cat yowls, and when hurt 
it squalls shrilly; when fighting, it is like 
a savage warrior in that it howls a war- 
song in blood-curdling strains, punctuated 
with a spitting expressive of fear and con- 
tempt; and unfortunately, its love song is 
scarcely less agonizing to the listener. The 
cat's whole body enters into the expres- 
sion of its emotions. When feeling affec- 
tionate toward its mistress, it rubs against 
her gown, with tail erect, and vibrating 
with a purr which seems fundamental. 
When angry, it lays its ears back and 
lashes its tail back and forth, the latter 
being a sign of excitement; when fright- 
ened, its hair stands on end, especially 
the hair of the tail, making that expressive 
appendage twice its natural size; when 
caught in disobedience, the cat lets its 
tail droop, and when running lifts it in a 
curve. 

While we feed cats milk and scraps 
from our own table, they have never be- 
come entirely civilized in their tastes. 
They always catch mice and other small 
animals and prove pestiferous in destroy- 
ing birds. Jenny was wont to bring her 
quarry, as an offering, to the front steps 
of our home every night; one morning 
we found seven mice, a cotton-tail rabbit 



and two snakes, which represented her 
night's catch. The cat never chases its 
prey like the dog. It discovers the haunts 
of its victims and then lies in ambush, 
flattened out as still as a statue and all its 
feet beneath it, ready to make the spring. 
The weight of the body is a factor which 
enters into the blow with which the cat 
strikes down and stuns its victim, which 
it later kills by gripping the throat with 
the strong tushes. It carries its victims as 
it does its kittens, by the back. 

The cat's legs are not long compared 
with the body, and it runs with a leaping 
gallop; the upper legs are armed with pow- 
erful muscles. It walks on the padded toes, 
five on the front feet and four on the hind 
feet. The cat needs its claws to be sharp 
and hooked, in order to seize and hold its 
prey, so they are kept safely sheathed 
when not thus used. If the claws struck 
the earth during walking, as do the dog's, 
they would soon become dulled. When 
sharpening its claws it reaches high up 
against a tree or post, and strikes them into 
the wood with a downward scratch; this 
act is probably more for exercising the 
muscles which control the claws than for 
sharpening them. 




John W. Decker 



Anticipation 



MAMMALS 



263 



The cat's track is in a single line as if 
it had only two feet, one set directly ahead 
of the other. It accomplishes this by set- 
ting its hind feet exactly in the tracks 
made by the front feet. The cat can easily 
leap upward, landing on a window-sill five 
feet from the ground. The jump is made 
with the hind legs and the alighting is 
done silently on the front feet. 

Cats 7 eyes are adapted better than ours 
for seeing in the dim light; in the daytime 
the pupil is simply a narrow, up and down 
slit; under excitement, and at night, the 
pupil covers almost the entire eye. At the 
back of the eye is a reflecting surface, 
which catches such light as there is, and 
by reflecting it enables the cat to use it 
twice. It is this reflected light which gives 
the peculiar green glare to the eyes of all 
the cats when seen in the dark. Some 
night-flying moths have a like arrange- 
ment for utilizing the light, and their eyes 
glow like living coals. Of course, since the 
cat is a night hunter, this power of multi- 
plying the rays of light is of great use. 
The iris of the eye is usually yellow, but in 
kittens it may be blue or green. 

The cat's teeth are peculiarly fitted for 
its needs. The six doll-like incisors of the 
upper and lower jaw are merely for scrap- 
ing meat from bones. The two great 
tushes, or canines, on each jaw, with a 
bare place behind so that they pass each 
other freely, are sharp, and are for seizing 
and carrying prey. The cat is able to open 
its mouth as wide as a right angle, in order 





Marion E. Wesp 



An aristocrat 



Amicable advances 



better to hold and carry prey. The back 
teeth, or molars, are four on each side 
in the upper jaw and three below. They 
are sharp-edged wedges made for cutting 
meat fine enough so that it may be 
swallowed. 

The tongue is covered with sharp pa- 
pillae directed backwards, also used for 
rasping juices from meat. The cat's nose 
is moist, and her sense of smell very keen, 
as is also her sense of hearing. The ears 
rise like two hollow half-cones on either 
side of the head and are filled with sensi- 
tive hairs; they ordinarily open forward,, 
but are capable of movement. The cat's 
whiskers consist of from twenty-five to 
thirty long hairs set in four lines, above 
and at the sides of the mouth; they are 
connected with sensitive nerves and are 
therefore true feelers. The cat's fur is very 
fine and thick, and is also sensitive, as can 
readily be proved, by trying to stroke it 
the wrong way. While the wild cats have 
gray or tawny fur, variously mottled or 
shaded, the more striking colors we see 
in the domestic cats are the result of man's 
breeding. 

Cats are very cleanly in their habits. 
Puss always washes her face directly after 
eating, using one paw for a washcloth and 
licking it clean after she rubs her face. 



264 ANIMALS 

She cleans her fur with her rough tongue 
and also by biting; and she promptly buries 
objectionable matter. The mother cat is 
very attentive to the cleanliness of her 
kittens, licking them clean from nose tip 
to tail tip. The ways of the mother cat 
with her kittens do much to sustain the 
assertions of Mr. Seton and Mr. Long that 
young animals are trained and educated 
by their parents. The cat brings half-dazed 
mice to her kittens, that they may learn 
to follow and catch them with their own 




This cat has been trained to be friendly with 
birds 



little claws. When she punishes them, she 
cuffs the ears by holding one side of the 
kitten's head firm with the claws of one 
foot, while she lays on the blows with the 
other. She carries her kittens by the nape 
of the neck, never hurting them. She takes 
them into the field when they are old 
enough, and shows them the haunts of 
mice, and does many things for their edu- 
cation and welfare. The kittens meantime 
train themselves to agility and dexterity, 
by playing rough and tumble with each 
other, and by chasing every small moving 
object, even to their own tails. 

The cat loves warmth and finds her 
place beneath the stove or at the hearth- 
side. She likes some people, and dislikes 
others, for no reason we can detect. She 
can be educated to be friendly with dogs 
and with birds. In feeding her, we should 
give her plenty of sweet milk, some cooked 
meat, and fish, of which she is very fond; 
and we should keep a bundle of catnip to 
make her happy, for even the larger cats 



of the wilderness seem to have a passion- 
ate liking for this herb. The cat laps milk 
with her rough tongue, and when eating 
meat, she turns the head this way and 
that, to cut the tough muscle with her 
back teeth. 



CATS SHOULD BE TRAINED TO 
LEAVE BIRDS ALONE 

Every owner of a cat owes it to the 
world to train Puss to leave birds alone. 
If this training is begun during kitten- 
hood, by switching the culprit every time 
it even looks at a bird, it will soon learn 
to leave them severely alone. I have tried 
this many times, and I know it is effica- 
cious, if the cat is intelligent. We have 
never had a cat whose early training we 
controlled, that could ever be induced 
even to watch birds. If a cat is not thus 
trained as a kitten, it is likely to be always 
treacherous in this respect. But in case any 
one has a valuable cat which is given to 
catching birds, I strongly advise the fol- 
lowing treatment which has been proved 
practicable by a friend of mine. When a 
cat has made the catch, take the bird 
away and sprinkle it with red pepper, and 
then give it back. One such treatment as 
this resulted in making one cat, which 
was an inveterate bird hunter, run and 
hide every time he saw a bird thereafter. 
Any persons taking cats with them to their 
summer homes, and abandoning them 
there to prey upon the birds of the vicinity, 
and to become poor, half-starved, wild 
creatures, ought to be arrested and fined. 
It is not only cruelty to the cats, but it 
is positive injury and damage to the com- 
munity, because of the slaughter of many 
beneficial and beautiful birds which it en- 
tails. 

SUGGESTED READING Animal Heroes, 
by Ernest Thompson Seton; Baby Ani- 
mals on the Farm, by Kate E. Agnew and 
Margaret Coble; The Blot: Little City 
Cat, by Phyllis Crawford; Mother Nature 
Series, by Fannie W. Dunn and Eleanor 
Troxell, Book i, Baby Animals; The Pet 
Book, by Anna B. Comstock; also, read- 
ings on page 214. 



LESSON 64 
THE CAT 

LEADING THOUGHT The cat was made 
a domestic animal before man wrote his- 
tories. It gets prey by springing from am- 
bush and is fitted by form of body and 
teeth to do this. It naturally hunts at night 
and has eyes fitted to see in the dark. 

METHOD This lesson may be used in 
primary grades by asking a few questions 
at a time and allowing the children to 
make their observations on their own kit- 
tens at home, or a kitten may be brought 
to school for this purpose. The upper grade 
work consists of reading and retelling or 
writing exciting stories of the great, wild, 
savage cats, like the tiger, lion, leopard, 
lynx, and panther. 

OBSERVATIONS i. How much of Pus- 
sy's language do you understand? What 
does she say when she wishes you to 
open the door for her? How does she 
ask for something to eat? What does she 
say when she feels like conversing with 
you? How does she cry when hurt? When 
frightened? What noise does she make 
when fighting? When calling other cats? 
What are her feelings when she purrs? 
When she spits? How many things which 
you say does she understand? 

2. How else than by voice does she ex- 
press affection, pleasure, and anger? When 
she carries her tail straight up in the air 
is she in a pleasant mood? WTien her tail 
" bristles up " how does she feel? What 
is it a sign of, when she lashes her tail 
back and forth? 

3. What do you feed to cats? What do 
they catch for themselves? What do the 
cats that are wild live upon? How does 
the cat help us? How does she injure us? 

4. How does a cat catch her prey? Does 
she track mice by the scent? Does she 
catch them by tunning after them as a 
dog does? Describe how she lies in am- 
bush. How does she hold the mouse as 
she pounces upon it? How does she carry 
it home to her kittens? 

5. Study the cat's paws to see how she 
holds her prey. Where are the sharp claws? 
Are they always in sight like a dog's? Does 



MAMMALS 265 

she touch them to the ground when she 
walks? Which walks more silently, a dog 
or a cat? Why? Describe the cat's foot, 
including the toe-pads. Are there as many 
toes on the hind feet as on the front feet? 
What kind of track does the cat make in 
the snow? How does she set her feet to 
make such a track? How does she sharpen 
her claws? How does she use her claws 
for climbing? How far have you ever seen 
a cat jump? Does she use her front or 
her hind feet in making the jump? On 
which feet does she alight? Does she make 
much noise when she alights? 

6. What is there peculiar about a cat's 
eyes? What is their color? What is the 
color of kittens' eyes? What is the shape 
of the pupil in daylight? In the dark? De- 
scribe the inner lid which comes from the 
corner of the eye. 

7. How many teeth has Puss? What is 
the use of the long tushes? Why is there 
a bare space behind these? What does she 
use her little front teeth for? Does she use 
her back teeth for chewing or for cutting 
meat? 

8. How many whiskers has she? How 
long are they? What is their use? Do you 
think Puss has a keen sense of smell? Why 
do you think so? Do you think she has a 
keen sense of hearing? How do the shape 
and position of the ears help in listening? 
In what position are the ears when Puss 
is angry? 

9. How many colors do you find in our 
domestic cats? What is the color of wild 
cats? Why would it not be beneficial to 
the wild cat to have as striking colors as 
our tame cats? Compare the fur of the 
cat with the hair of the dog. How do they 
differ? If a cat chased her prey like the 
dog do you think her fur would be too 
warm a covering? 

10. Describe how the cat washes her 
face. How does she clean her fur? How 
does her rough tongue help in this? How 
does the mother cat wash her kittens? 

11. How does a little kitten look when 
a day or two old? How long before its 
eyes open? How does the cat carry her 
kittens? How does a kitten act when it 
is being carried? How does the mother 



266 



ANIMALS 



cat punish her kittens? How does she teach 
them to catch mice? How do kittens play? 
How does the exercise they get in play- 
ing fit them to become hunters? 

12. How should cats be trained not to 
touch birds? When must this training be- 
gin? Why should a person be punished 
for injury to the public who takes cats 
to summer cottages and leaves them there 
to run wild? 

13. Where in the room does Puss best 
like to lie? How does she sun herself? 
What herb does she like best? Does she 
like some people and not others? What 



strange companions have you known a cat 
to have? What is the cat's chief enemy? 
How should we care for and make her 
comfortable? 

14. Write or tell stories on the follow- 
ing subjects: (i) The Things Which My 
Pet Cat Does; (2) The Wild Cat; (3) 
The Lion; (4) The Tiger; (5) The Leo- 
pard; (6) The Panther and the Mountain 
Lion; (7) The Lynx; (8) The History of 
Domestic Cats; (9) The Different Races 
of Cats, describing the Manx, the Persian, 
and the Angora Cats. 




A herd of goats by the Nueces River, Texas 



A. A. Wright 



THE GOAT 



Little do we in America realize the close 
companionship that has existed in older 
countries, from time immemorial, be- 
tween goats and people. This association 
began when man was a nomad, and took 
with him in his wanderings his flocks, 
of which goats formed the larger part. He 
then drank their milk, ate their flesh, wove 
their hair into raiment, or made cloth of 
their pelts, and used their skins for w r ater 
bags. Among peoples of the East all these 



uses continue to the present day. In the 
streets of Cairo, old Arabs may be seen 
with goatskins filled with water upon their 
backs; and in any city of western Asia or 
southern Europe, flocks of goats are driven 
along the streets to be milked in sight of 
the consumer. 

In order to understand the goat's pe- 
culiarities of form and habit, we should 
consider it as a wild animal, living upon 
the mountain heights amid rocks and snow 



MAMMALS 



and scant vegetation. It is marvelously 
sure-footed, and on its native mountains 
it can climb the sharpest crags and leap 
chasms. This peculiarity has been seized 
upon by showmen who often exhibit 
goats which walk on the tight rope with 
ease, and even turn themselves upon it 
without falling. The instinct for climbing 
still lingers in the domestic breeds, and in 
the country the goat may be seen on top 
of stone piles or other objects, while, in 
city suburbs, its form may be discerned 
on the roofs of shanties and other low 
buildings. 




U. S. Dept. Agriculture 

Saanen goats in Switzerland 

It is a common saying that a goat will 
eat anything, and much sport is made of 
this peculiarity. This fact has more mean- 
ing for us when we realize that wild goats 
live in high altitudes, where there is little 
plant life, and are, therefore, obliged to 
find sustenance on lichens, moss, and such 
scant vegetation as they can find. 

The goat is closely allied to the sheep, 
differing from it in only a few particulars; 
its horns rise from the forehead curving 
over backward and do not form a spiral 
like those of the ram; its covering is usu- 
ally of hair, and the male has a beard from 
which we get the name goatee; the goat 
has no gland between the toes, and it does 
have a rank and disagreeable odor. In a 
wild state, it usually lives a little higher 
up the mountains than do the sheep, and 
it is a far more intelligent animal. Mary 
Austin says: " Goats lead naturally by 
reason of a quicker instinct, forage more 
freely and can find water on their own ac- 
count, and give voice in case of alarm. 




Saanen doe 

Goat leaders exhibit jealousy of their rights 
to be first over the stepping-stones or to 
walk the teetering log bridges at the roar- 
ing creeks/ 7 On the great plains, it is a 
common usage to place a few goats in a 
flock of sheep, because of the greater 
sagacity of these animals as leaders, and 
also as defenders in case of attack. 

Goats' teeth are arranged for cropping 
herbage and especially for browsing. There 
are six molar teeth on each side of each 
jaw; there are eight lower incisors and 
none above. The goat's sense of smell is 
very acute; the ears are movable and the 
sense of hearing is keen; the eyes are full 
and very intelligent; the horns are some- 
what flattened and angular, are often 
knobbed somewhat in front, and curve 
backward above the neck; they are, how- 
ever, very efficient as weapons of defense. 
The legs are strong, though not large, and 
are well fitted for leaping and running. 




N". Y. Agr. Exp. Station, Geneva 

Toggenburg goat. This Swiss breed, de- 
veloped by a careful selection of animals for 
many years, has attained a very definite 
standard of size, color } and conformation 



z68 



ANIMALS 




N. Y. Agr. Exp. Station, Geneva 

French alpine doe. Alpines are sturdy, and 
have been bred for high production of fine- 
flavored milk 

The feet have two hoofs, that is, the ani- 
mal walks upon two toenails. There are 
two smaller toes behind and above the 
hoofs. The goat can run with great rapid- 
ity. The tail of the goat is short like that 
of the deer, and does not need to be am- 
putated like that of the sheep. Although 
the normal covering of the goat is hair, 
there are some species which have a more 
or less woolly coat. When angry the goat 
shakes its head, and defends itself by but- 
ting with the head, also by striking with 
the horns, which are very sharp. Goats 
are very tractable and make affectionate 
pets when treated with kindness; they dis- 
play far more affection for their owner 
than do sheep. 

Our famous Rocky Mountain goat, al- 
though it belongs rather to the antelope 
family, is a large animal, and is the special 
prize of the hunter; however, it still holds 
its own in the high mountains of the 
Rocky and Cascade Ranges. Both sexes 
have slender black horns, white hair, and 
black feet, eyes, and nose. Owen Wister 
says of this animal: "He is white, all 
white, and shaggy, and twice as large as any 
goat you ever saw. His white hair hangs 
long all over him like a Spitz dog's or an 
Angora cat's; and against its shaggy white 
mass the blackness of his hoofs and horns, 



and nose looks particularly black. His legs 
are thick, his neck is thick, everything 
about him is thick, save only his thin 
black horns. They're generally about six 
(often more than nine) inches long, they 
spread very slightly, and they curve slightly 
backward. At their base they are a little 
rough, but as they rise they become cylin- 
drically smooth and taper to an ugly point. 
His hoofs are heavy, broad and blunt. The 
female is lighter than the male, and with 
horns more slender, a trifle. And (to re- 
turn to the question of diet) we visited 
the pasture where the herd (of thirty-five) 
had been, and found no signs of grass 
growing or grass eaten; there was no grass 
on that mountain. The only edible sub- 
stance was a moss, tufted, stiff and dry to 
the touch. I also learned that the goat 
is safe from predatory animals. With his 
impenetrable hide and his disemboweling 
horns he is left by the wolves and moun- 
tain lions respectfully alone." 

MILCH GOATS Many breeds of these 
have been developed, and the highest type 
is, perhaps, found in Switzerland. The 
Swiss farmers have found the goat par- 
ticularly adapted to their high mountains 
and have used it extensively; thus, goats 
developed in the Saane and Toggenburg 
valleys have a world-wide reputation. 
Above these valleys the high mountains 
are covered with perpetual snow, and win- 
ter sets in about November i, lasting 
until the last of May. The goats are kept 
with the cows in barns and fed upon hay; 
but as soon as the snow is gone from the 
valleys and the lower foothills, the cattle 
and goats are sent with the herders and 
boy assistants to the grazing grounds. A 
bell is put upon the cow that leads the 
herd so as to keep it together and the boys, 
in their gay peasant dresses, are as happy 
as the playful calves and goats to get out 
in the spring sunshine. The herds follow 
the receding snows up the mountains un- 
til about midsummer, when they reach 
the high places of scanty vegetation; then 
they start on the downward journey, re- 
turning to the home and stables about 
November i. The milk from goats is 
mixed with that from cows to make cheese, 



MAMMALS 



269 



and this cheese has a wide reputation; 
some of the varieties are Roquefort, 
Schweitzer, and Altenburger. Although 
the cheese is excellent, the butter made 
from goat's milk is inferior to that made 
from the cow's. The milk, when the ani- 
mals are well taken care of, is exceedingly 
nourishing; it is thought to be the best 
milk in the world for children. Usually, 
the trouble with goafs milk is that the 
animals are not kept clean, nor is care 
taken in milking. Germany has produced 
many distinct and excellent breeds of 
milch goats; the Island of Malta, Spain, 
England, Ireland, Egypt, and Nubia have 
each developed noted breeds. Of all these, 
the Nubias give the most milk, sometimes 
yielding from four to six quarts a day, 
while an ordinary goat is considered fairly 
good if it yields two quarts a day. 

THE MOHAIR GOATS There are two 
noted breeds of goats whose hair is used 
extensively for weaving into fabrics; one 
of these is the Cashmere and the other the 
Angora. The Cashmere goat has long, 
straight, silky hair for an outside coat and 
has a winter undercoat of very delicate 
wool. There are not more than two or 
three ounces of this wool upon one goat, 
and this is made into the famous Cash- 
mere shawls; ten goats furnish barely 
enough of this wool for one shawl. The 
Cashmere goats are grown most largely in 
Tibet, and the wool is shipped from the 
high tableland to the Valley of Cashmere, 
where it is made into shawls. It requires 
the work of several people for a year to 
produce one of these famous shawls. 

The Angora goat has a long, silky, and 
very curly fleece. These goats were first 
discovered in Angora, a city of Asia Minor 
south of the Black Sea, and some 200 miles 
southeast from Constantinople. The An- 
gora goat is a beautiful and delicate ani- 
mal, and furnishes most of the mohair 
which is made into the cloths known as 
mohair, alpaca, camel's hair, and many 
other fabrics. The Angora goat has been 
introduced into America, in California, 
Texas, Arizona, and to some extent in the 
Middle West. It promises to be a very 
profitable industry. (See Farmers' Bulle- 



tin The Angora Goat, United States De- 
partment of Agriculture.) 

The skins of goats are used extensively; 
morocco, gloves, and many other articles 
are made from them. In the Orient, the 
skin of the goat is used as a bag in which 
to carry water and wine. 

SUGGESTED READING Farm Animals, 
by James G. Lawson; Mountain Neigh- 
bors, by Edith M. Patch and Carroll L. 
Fenton; The Pet Book, by Anna B. Corn- 
stock; also, some of the readings on 
page 214. 

LESSON 65 
THE GOAT 

LEADING THOUGHT Goats are among 
our most interesting domesticated ani- 
mals, and their history is closely inter- 
woven with the history of the develop- 
ment of civilization. In Europe, their milk 
is made into cheese that has a world-wide 
fame; and from the hair of some of the 
species, beautiful fabrics are woven. The 
goat is naturally an animal of the high 
mountains. 

METHOD A span of goats harnessed 
to a cart is second only to ponies, in a 
child's estimation; therefore, the begin- 
ning of this lesson may well be a span of 
goats thus employed. The lesson should 
not be given unless the pupils have an op- 
portunity for making direct observations 
on the animal's appearance and habits. 
There should be some oral and written 
work in English done with this lesson. 




Bureau of Animal Industry, TJ, S. D. A. 

Angora goat 



2 7 



ANIMALS 



Following are topics for such work: " The 
Milch Goat of Switzerland/ 7 " How Cash- 
mere Shawls Are Made/' "The Angora 
Goat/' " The Chamois/ 7 

OBSERVATIONS i . Do you think that 
goats like to climb to high points? Are 
they fitted to climb steep, inaccessible 
places? Can they jump off steep places in 
safety? How does it happen that the goat 
is sure-footed? How do its legs and feet 
compare with those of the sheep? 

2. What does the goat eat? Where does 
it find its natural food on mountains? How 
are the teeth arranged for cutting its food? 
Does a goat chew its cud like a cow? 

3. What is the covering of the goat? 
Describe a billy goafs beard. Do you sup- 
pose this is for ornament? For what is 
goat's hair used? 

4. Do you think the goat has a keen 
sense of sight, of hearing, and of smell? 
Why? Why did it need to be alert and 
keen when it lived wild upon the moun- 
tains? Do you think the goat is intelli- 
gent? Give instances of this. 

5. Describe the horns. Do they differ 
from the horns of the sheep? How does 
a goat fight? Does he strike head on, like 
the sheep, or sidewise? How does he show 
anger? 

6. What noises does a goat make? Do 
you understand what they mean? 



7. Describe the goat, its looks and ac- 
tions. Is the goat's tail short at first or 
does it have to be cut off like the lamb's 
tail? Where and how is goat's milk used? 
What kinds of cheese are made from it? 
For what is its skin used? Is its flesh ever 
eaten? 

Everyone Icnows the gayety of young 
kids, which prompts them to cut the most 
amusing and burlesque capers. The goat 
is naturally capricious and inquisitive, and 
one might say crazy for every species of 
adventure. It positively delights in peril- 
ous ascensions. At times it will rear and 
threaten you with its head and horns, 
apparently with the worst intentions, 
whereas it is usually an invitation to play. 
The bucks, however, fight violently with 
each other; they seem to have no con- 
sciousness of the most terrible blows. The 
ewes themselves are not exempt from this 
vice. 

They know very well whether or not 
they have deserved punishment. Drive 
them out of the garden, where they are 
forbidden to go, with a whip and they will 
flee without uttering a sound; but strike 
them without just cause and they will send 
forth lamentable cries. 

" OUR DOMESTIC ANIMALS," 
CHARLES WILLIAM BURKETT 



THE SHEEP 

The earliest important achievement of ovine intelligence is to know whether its 
own notion or another's is most worth while, and if the other's, which one? Individ- 
ual sheep have certain qualities, instincts, competences, but in the man-herded flocks 
these are superseded by something which I shall call the flock mind, though I cannot 
say very well what it is, except that it is less than the sum of all their intelligences. This 
is why there have never been any notable changes in the management of flocks since 
the first herder girt himself with a wallet of sheep-skin and went out of his cave-dwell- 
ing to the pastures. " THE FLOCK/' MARY AUSTIN 



Both sheep and goats are at home on 
mountains, and sheep especially thrive 
best in cool, dry locations. As wild animals, 
they were creatures of the mountain crag 
and chasm, although they frequented 
more open places than the mountain 



goats, and their wool was developed to 
protect them from the bitter cold of high 
altitudes. They naturally gathered in 
flocks, and sentinels were set to give warn- 
ing of the approach of danger; as soon as 
the signal came, they made their escape, 



MAMMALS 




Sheep at rest 



Verne Morton 



not in the straight away race like the deer, 
but in following the leader over rock, 
ledge, and precipice to mountain fast- 
nesses where neither wolf nor bear could 
follow. Thus, the instinct of following the 
leader blindly came to be the salvation of 
the individual sheep. 

The teeth of the sheep are like those of 
the goat, eight incisors below and none 
on the upper row, and six grinding teeth 
at the back of each side of each jaw. This 
arrangement of teeth on the small, deli- 
cate, pointed jaws enables the sheep to 
crop herbage where cattle would starve; 
it can cut the small grass off at its roots, 
and for this reason, where vast herds of 
sheep range, they leave a desert behind 
them. This fact brought about a bitter 
feud between the cattle and sheep men 
in the far West. In forests, flocks of sheep 
completely kill all underbrush, and now 
they are not permitted to run in gov- 
ernment reserves. 

The sheep's legs are short and delicate 
below the ankle. The upper portion is 
greatly developed to help the animal in 
leaping, a peculiarity to which we owe 
the " leg of lamb " as a table delicacy. The 
hoof is cloven, that is, the sheep walks 



upon two toes; it has two smaller toes 
above and behind these. There is a little 
gland between the front toes that se- 
cretes an oily substance, which perhaps 
serves in preventing the hoof from becom- 
ing too dry. The ears are large and are 
moved to catch better the direction of 
sound. The eyes are peculiar; in the sun- 
light the pupil is a mere slit, while the iris 
is yellow or brownish, but in the dark, 
even of the stable, the pupils enlarge, al- 
most covering the eye. The ewes either 
lack horns or have small ones, but the 




Bureau of Animal Industry, U, S. D. A. 

Cheviot sheep 




ANIMALS 



Bureau of Animal Industry, U. S. D. A. 

Ewe with her lamb 

horns of wild rams are large, placed at the 
side of the head and curled outward in a 
spiral. These horns are perhaps not so 
much for fighting the enemy as rival 
rams. The ram can strike a hard blow with 
head or horns, coming at the foe head on, 
while the goat always strikes sidewise. So 
fierce is the blow of the angry sheep that 
an ancient instrument of war, fashioned 
like a ram's head and used to knock down 
walls, was called a battering ram. A sheep 
shows anger by stamping the ground with 
the front feet. The habit of rumination 
enables the sheep to feed in a flock and 
then retire to some place to rest and chew 
the cud, a performance peculiarly amus- 
ing in the sheep. 

Sheep under attack and danger are si- 
lent; ordinarily they keep up a constant, 
gentle bleating to keep each other in- 
formed of their whereabouts; they also 
give a peculiar call when water is discov- 
ered, and another to inform the flock that 
there is a stranger in the midst; they also 
give a peculiar bleat, when a snake or other 
enemy which they conquer is observed. 
Their sense of smell is very acute. 

Lambs quickly become true members 
of the herd. Mary Austin says, " Young 
lambs are principally legs, the connecting 
body being simply a contrivance for con- 
verting milk into more leg, so you under- 



stand how it is that they will follow the 
flock in two days and are able to take the 
trail in a fortnight, traveling four and five 
miles a day, falling asleep on their feet and 
tottering forward in the way." The older 
lambs have games which they play un- 
tiringly, and which fit them to become 
active members of the flock; one is the 
regular game of " Follow My Leader/' 
each lamb striving to push ahead and at- 
tain the place of leader. In playing this 
the head lamb leads the chase over most 
difficult places, such as logs, stones, and 
brooks; thus is a training begun which 
later in life may save the flock. The 
other game is peculiar to stony pastures; 
a lamb climbs to the top of a boulder and 
its comrades gather around and try to butt 
it off; the one which succeeds in doing 
this climbs the rock and is " it/' This game 
leads to agility and sure-footedness. A 
lamb's tail is long and is most expressive 
of lambkin bliss, when feeding time 
comes; but, alas! it has to be cut off so 
that later it will not become matted with 
burrs and filth. In southern Russia there 
is a breed of sheep with large, flat, fat tails 
which are esteemed as a great table deli- 
cacy. This tail becomes so cumbersome 
that wheels are placed beneath it, so that 
it trundles along behind its owner. 

In the Rocky Mountains we have a 
noble species of wild sheep which is likely 




Mutual contentment 



MAMMALS 



to become extinct soon. The different 
breeds of domesticated sheep are sup- 
posed to have been derived from different 
wild species. Of the domesticated vari- 
eties, we have the Merinos, which origi- 
nated in Spain and which give beautiful, 
long, fine wool for our fabrics; but their 
flesh is not very attractive. The Merinos 
have wool on their faces and legs and have 
wrinkled skins. The English breeds of 
sheep have been especially developed for 
mutton, although their wool is valuable. 
Some of these like the Southdown, Shrop- 
shire, and Dorset, give a medium length 




Rams in pasture 



Verne Morton 



of wool, while the Cotswold has very long 
wool, the ewes having long strings of wool 
over their eyes in the fashion of " bangs." 

The dog is the ancient enemy of sheep; 
and even now, after hundreds of years of 
domestication, some of our dogs will re- 
vert to savagery and chase and kill sheep. 
This, in fact, has been one of the great 
drawbacks to sheep-raising in the eastern 
United States. The collie, or sheep dog, 
has been bred so many years as the special 
caretaker of sheep, that a beautiful rela- 
tionship has been established between 
these dogs and their flocks. 

SUGGESTED READING Baby Animals 
on the Farm, by Kate E. Agnew and Mar- 
garet Coble; Farm Animals, by James G. 
Lawson; Lives of the Hunted, by Ernest 
Thompson Seton; The Pet Boole, by Anna 
B. Comstock; also, some of the readings 
on page 214. 

LESSON 66 
THE SHEEP 

LEADING THOUGHT Sheep live natu- 
rally in high altitudes. When attacked by 




Bureau of Animal Industry, IT. S. D. A. 

Corriedale ram 

enemies, they follow their leader over diffi- 
cult and dangerous mountain places. 

METHOD The questions of this lesson 
should be given to the pupils and the ob- 
servations should be made upon the sheep 
in pasture or stable. Much written work 
may be done in connection with this les- 
son. The following topics are suggested 
for themes: "The Methods by Which 
Wool Is Made into Cloth," " The Rocky 
Mountain Sheep," " The Sheep-herders of 
California and Their Flocks," " The True 
Story of a Cosset Lamb." 

OBSERVATIONS i. What is the chief 
characteristic that separates sheep from 
other animals? What is the difference be- 
tween wool and hair? Why is wool of spe- 
cial use to sheep in their native haunts? Is 
there any hair on sheep? 

2. Where do the wild sheep live? What 












Bureau of Animal Industry, U. S. D. A- 

Hampshire ewe 



274 



ANIMALS 



is the climate in these places? Does wool 
serve them well on this account? What 
sort of pasturage do sheep find on moun- 
tains? Could cows live where sheep thrive? 
Describe the sheep's teeth and how they 
are arranged to enable it to crop vegeta- 
tion closely. What happens to the vege- 
tation on the range when a great flock of 
sheep passes over it? Why are sheep not 
allowed in our forest preserves? 

3. What are the chief enemies of sheep 
in the wilderness? How do the sheep 
escape them? Describe the foot and leg of 
the sheep and explain how they help the 
animal to escape its enemies. We say of 
certain men that they " follow like a flock 
of sheep/' Why do we make this com- 
parison? What has this habit of following 
the leader to do with the escape of sheep 
from wolves and bears? 

4. How do sheep fight? Do both rams 
and ewes have horns? Do they both fight? 
How does the sheep show anger? Give 
your experience with a cross cosset lamb. 

5. Do you think that sheep can see and 
hear well? What is the position of the 
sheep's ears when it is peaceful? When 



there is danger? How do the sheep's eyes 
differ from those of the cow? 

6. Does the sheep chew its cud like the 
cow? Describe the action as performed by 
the sheep. How is this habit of cud chew- 
ing of use to the wild sheep? 

7. Describe a young lamb. Why has it 
such long legs? How does it use its tail 
to express joy? What happens to this tail 
later? What games have you seen lambs 
play? Tell all the stories of lambs that you 
know. 

8. How much of sheep language do you 
understand? What is the use to the wild 
flock of the constant bleating? 

9. For what purposes do we keep sheep? 
How many breeds of sheep do you know? 
What are the chief differences between 
the English breeds and the Merinos? 
Where and for what purposes is the milk 
of sheep used? 

10. Have you ever seen a collie looking 
after a herd of sheep? If so, describe his 
actions. Did you ever know of dogs kill- 
ing sheep? At what time of day or night 
was this done? Did you ever know of one 
dog attacking a flock of sheep alone? 



THE HORSE 

There was once a little animal no bigger than a fox, 

And on five toes he scrambled over Tertiary rocks. 

They called him Eohippus, and they called him very small, 

And they thought him of no value when they thought of him at all. 

Said the little Eohippus, I am going to be a horse/ 

And on my middle finger nails to run my earthly course/ 

I am going to have a flowing tail/ 1 am going to have a mane/ 

And I am going to stand fourteen hands high on the Psychozooic plain/ 

MRS. STETSON 



It was some millions of years ago that 
Eohippus lived out in the Rocky Moun- 
tain Range; its forefeet had four toes and 
the splint of the fifth; the hind feet had 
three toes and the splint of the fourth. 
Eohippus was followed down the geologic 
ages by the Orohippus and the Mesohip- 
pus and various other hippuses, which 
showed in each age a successive enlarge- 



ment and specialization of the middle toe 
and the minimizing and final loss of the 
others. This first little horse with many 
toes lived when the earth was a damp, 
warm place and when animals needed toes 
to spread out to prevent them from miring 
in the mud. But as the ages went on, the 
earth grew colder and drier, and a long 
leg ending in a single hoof was very serv- 



MAMMALS 



275 












Mares and colts in shady pasture 



Marion E. Wesp 



iceable in running swiftly over the dry 
plains. According to the story read in 
the fossils of the rocks, our little American 
horses migrated to South America, and 
also trotted dry-shod over to Asia in the 
Mid-pliocene age, arriving there suffi- 
ciently early to become the companion of 
prehistoric man. In the meantime, horses 
were first hunted by savage man for their 
flesh, but were later ridden. At present, 
there are wild horses in herds on the plains 
of Tartary; and there are still sporadic 
herds of mustangs on the great plains of 
our own country, although for the most 
part they are branded and belong to some- 
one, even though they live like wild horses; 
these American wild horses are supposed 
to be descendants of those brought over 
centuries ago by the Spaniards. The Shet- 
land ponies are also wild in the islands 
north of Scotland, and the zebras, the 
most truly wild of all, roam the plains of 
Africa. In a state of wildness, there is al- 
ways a stallion at the head of a herd of 
mares, and he has to win his position and 
keep it by superior strength and prowess. 
Fights between stallions are terrible to wit- 
ness, and often result in the death of one 
of the participants. The horse is well 
armed for battle; his powerful teeth can 
inflict deep wounds and he can kick and 



strike hard with the front feet; still more 
efficient is the kick made with both hind 
feet while the weight of the body is borne 
on the front feet, and the head of the 
horse is turned so as to aim well the ter- 
rible blow. There are no wild beasts of 
prey which will not slink away to avoid 
a herd of horses. After attaining their 
growth in the herd with their mothers, 
the young males are forced by the leader 
to leave and go off by themselves; in turn, 
they must by their own strength and at- 
tractions win their following of mares. 
However, there are times and places where 
many of these herds join, making large 
bands wandering together. 






Field Museum of Natural History 

Ancestors of the horse a restoration 




ANIMALS 



Bureau of Animal Industry, U. S. D. A. 

Morgan horse 

The length of the horse's leg was evi- 
dently evolved to meet the need for flight 
before fierce and swift enemies, on the 
great ancient plains. The one toe, with 
its strong, sharp hoof, makes a fit foot for 
such a long leg, since it strikes the ground 
with little waste of energy and is sharp 
enough not to slip, but it is not a good 
foot for marshy places; a horse will mire 
where a cow can pass in safety. The devel- 
opment of the middle toe into a hoof 
results in lifting the heel and wrist far 
up the leg, making them appear to be 
the knee and elbow, when compared with 
the human body. 

The length of neck and head are neces- 
sary in order than an animal with such 
length of leg as the horse may be able 
to graze. The head of the horse tells much 
of its disposition; a perfect head should 
be not too large; it should be broad be- 
tween the eyes and high between the ears, 
while below the eyes it should be narrow. 
The ears, if lopped or turned back, denote 
a treacherous disposition; they should 
point upward or forward. If the ears are 
laid back it is a sign that the horse is an- 
gry; sensitive, quick-moving ears indicate 
a high-strung, sensitive animal. The eyes 
are placed so that the horse can see in 
front, at the side, and behind, the last be- 
ing necessary in order to aim a kick. Hazel 
eyes are usually preferred to dark ones, and 



they should be bright and prominent. The 
nostrils should be thin-skinned, wide-flar- 
ing, and sensitive; in the wild stage, scent 
was one of the horse's chief aids in detect- 
ing the enemy. The lips should not be too 
thick and the lower jaw should be narrow 
where it joins the head. 

The horse's teeth are peculiar; there 
are six incisors on each jaw; behind them 
is a bare space called the bar, of which we 
have made use for placing the bit. Back 
of the bar, there are six molars or grinders 
on each side of each jaw. At the age of 
about three years, canine teeth or tushes 
appear behind the incisors; these are more 
noticeable in males, and never seem to be 
of much use. Thus, the horse has on each 
jaw, when full-grown, six incisors, two 
canines, and twelve molars, making forty 
teeth in all. The incisors are prominent 
and enable the horse to bite the grass more 
closely than can the cow. The horse when 
chewing does not have the sidewise mo- 
tion of the jaws peculiar to the cow and 
sheep. 

The horse's coat is, when rightly cared 
for, glossy and beautiful; but if the horse 
is allowed to run out in the pasture all 
winter, the coat becomes very shaggy, thus 
reverting to the condition of wild horses 
which stand in need of a warmer coat for 
winter; the hair is shecl every year. The 
mane and the forelock are useful in pro- 
tecting the head and neck from flies; the 




Bureau of Animal Industry, U. S. D, A. 

Percheron draft horse 



MAMMALS 



277 



tail also is an efficient fly-brush. The mane 
and tail have thus a practical value, and 
they also add greatly to the animal's 
beauty. To dock a horse's tail for pur- 
poses of ornament is as absurd as the 
sliced ears and welted cheeks of savages; 
and horses thus mutilated suffer greatly 
from the attacks of flies. 

Owing to the fact that wild horses made 
swift flight from enemies, the colts could 
not be left behind at the mercy of wolves. 
Thus it is that the colt, like the lamb, 
is equipped with long legs from the first, 
and can run very rapidly; as a runner, it 
could not be loaded with a big compound 
stomach full of food ? like the calf, and 
therefore must needs take its nourishment 
from the mother at frequent intervals. 
The colt's legs are so long that it must 
spread the front legs wide apart in order 
to reach the grass with its mouth. When 
the colt or the horse lies down out of doors 
and in perfect freedom, it lies flat upon 
the side. In lying down, the hind quarters 
go first, and in rising, the front legs are 
thrust out first. 

The horse has several natural gaits and 
some that are artificial. Its natural methods 
of progression are the walk, the trot, the 
amble, and the gallop. When walking 
there are always two or more feet on the 
ground and the movement of the feet con- 
sists in placing successively the right hind 
foot, the right fore foot, left hind foot, left 





Bureau of Animal Industry, TJ. S. D. A. 

Carriage stallion 



Bureau of Animal Industry, TJ. S. D. A. 

Man o' War. A famous race horse and the 
father of famous racers 

fore foot, right hind foot, etc. In trotting, 
each diagonal pair of legs is alternately 
lifted and thrust forward, the horse being 
unsupported twice during each stride. In 
ambling, the feet are moved as in the walk, 
only differing in that a hind foot or a fore 
foot is lifted from the ground before its 
fellow fore foot or hind foot is set down. 
In a canter, the feet are landed on the 
ground in the same sequence as in a walk 
but much more rapidly; and in the gal- 
lop, the spring is made from the fore foot 
and the landing is on the diagonal hind 
foot, and just before landing the body 
is in the air and the legs are all bent be- 
neath it. 

An excellent horseman once said to me, 
" The whip may teach a horse to obey the 
voice, but the voice and hand control the 
well-broken horse/ 7 and this epitomizes 
the best horse training. He also said, " The 
horse knows a great deal, but he is too 
nervous to make use of his knowledge 
when he needs it most. It is the horse's 
feelings that I rely on. He always has the 
use of his feelings and the quick use of 
them." It is a well-known fact that those 
men who whip and scold and swear at 
their horses are meantime showing to the 
world that they are fools in this parties 



278 



ANIMALS 









A herd of ponies in the Isle of Shetland 
guarded by a sheep dog 

lar business. Many of the qualities which 
we do not like in our domesticated horses 
were most excellent and useful when the 
horses were wild; for instance, the habit 
of shying was the wild horse's method of 
escaping the crouching foe in the grass. 
This habit as well as many others is better 
controlled by the voice of the driver than 
by a blow from the whip. 

Timothy hay, or hay mixed with clover, 
form good, bulky food for the horse, and 
oats and corn are the best concentrated 
food. Oats are best for driving-horses and 
corn for the working team. Dusty hay 
should not be fed to a horse; but if un- 
avoidable, it should always be dampened 
before feeding. A horse should be fed with 
regularity, and should not be used for a 
short time after having eaten. If the horse 
is not warm, it should be watered before 
feeding, and in the winter the water 
should have the chill taken off. The frozen 
bit should be warmed before being placed 
in the horse's mouth; if anyone doubts the 
wisdom of this, let him put a frozen piece 
of steel in his own mouth. The cruel 
use of the tight-drawn over checkrein 
should not be permitted, although a mod- 
erate check is often needed and is not 
cruel. When the horse is sweating, it 
should be blanketed immediately if 
hitched outside in cold weather; but in the 
barn the blanket should not be put on un- 
til the perspiration has stopped steaming. 
The grooming of a horse is a part of its 
rights, and its legs should receive more at- 
tention during this process than its body, 
a fact not always well understood. 



The breeds of horses may always be 
classified more or less distinctly as follows: 
racers or thoroughbreds; the saddle horse, 
or hunter; the coach horse; the draft horse; 
and the pony. For a description of breeds 
see dictionaries or cyclopedias. Of the 
draft horses, the Percherons, Shires, and 
Clydesdales are most common; of the 
carriage and coach horses, the English 
hackney and the French and German 
coach horses are famed examples. Of the 
roadster breeds, the American trotter, the 
American saddle horse and the English 
thoroughbred are most famous. 

SUGGESTED READING Baby Animals 
on the Farm, by Kate E. Agnew and Mar- 
garet Coble; Before the Dawn of History, 
by Charles R. Knight; Farm Animals, by 
James G. Lawson; Jinny: The Story of a 
Filly, by Bert C. Thayer; Mother Nature 
Series, by Fannie W. Dunn and Eleanor 
Troxell, Book i, Baby Animals; The Pet 
Boole, by Anna B. Comstock; Wild Ani- 
mals I Have Known, by Ernest Thompson 
Seton; also, some of the readings on 
page 214. 

LESSON 67 
THE HORSE 

LEADING THOUGHT The horse as a 
wild animal depended largely upon its 




Percheron colt 



Marion E. Wesp 



MAMMALS 



279 



strength and fleetness to escape its ene- 
mies, and these two qualities have made 
it of greatest use to man. 

METHOD Begin this study of the horse 
with the stories of wild horses. " The Pac- 
ing Mustang " in Wild Animals I Have 
Known is an excellent story to show the 
habits of the herds of wild horses. Before 
beginning actual study of the domestic 
horses, ask for oral or written English exer- 
cises descriptive of the lives of the wild 
horses. After the interest has been thus 
aroused the following observations may be 
suggested, a few at a time, to be made in- 
cidentally in the street or in the stable. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Compare the length 
of the legs of the horse with its height. 
Has any other domestic animal legs as 
long in proportion? What habits of the 
ancestral wild horses led to the develop- 
ment of such long legs? Do you think 
the length of the horse's neck and head 
corresponds to the length of its legs? 
Why? 

2. Study the horse's leg and foot. The 
horse walks on one toe. Which toe do you 
think it is? What do we call the toenail 
of the horse? What advantage is this sort 
of foot to the horse? Is it best fitted for 
running on dry plains or for marshy land? 
Does the hoof grow as our nails do? Do 
you know whether there were ever any 
horses with three toes or four toes on each 
foot? Make a sketch of the horse's front 
and hind leg and label those places which 
correspond to our wrist, elbow, shoulder, 
hand, heel, knee, and hip. 

3. Where are the horse's ears placed on 
the head? How do they move? Do they 
flap back and forth like the cow's ears 
when they are moved, or do they turn 
as if on a pivot? What do the following 
different positions of the horse's ears in- 
dicate: When lifted and pointing forward? 
When thrown back? Can you tell by the 
action of the ears whether a horse is nerv- 
ous and high-strung or not? 

4. What is the color of the horse's eyes? 
The shape of the pupil? What advantage 
does the position of the eyes on the head 
give to the wild horse? Why do we put 
blinders on a horse? Can you tell by the 



expression of the eye the temper of the 
horse? 

5. Look at the mouth and nose. Are 
the nostrils large and flaring? Has the 
horse a keen sense of smell? Are the lips 
thick or thin? When taking sugar from 
the hand, does the horse use teeth or lips? 

6. Describe the horse's teeth. How 
many front teeth? How many back teeth? 
Describe the bar where the bit is placed. 
Are there any canine teeth? If so, where? 
Do you know how to tell a horse's age by 
its teeth? Can a horse graze the grass 
more closely than a cow? Why? When it 
chews does it move the jaws sidewise like 
the cow? Why? Why did the wild horses 
not need to develop a cud-chewing habit? 

7. What is the nature of the horse's 
coat in summer? If the horse runs in the 
pasture all winter, how does its coat 
change? When does the horse shed its 
coat? What is the use of the horse's mane, 
forelock, and tail? Do you think it is treat- 
ing the horse well to dock its tail? 

8. Why do colts need to be so long- 
legged? How does a colt have to place its 
front legs in order to reach down and 
eat the grass? Does the colt need to take 
its food from the mother often? How does 
it differ from the calf in this respect? How 
has this difference of habit resulted in a 
difference of form in the calf and colt? 

9. When the horse lies down which part 
goes down first? When getting up which 
rises first? How does this differ from the 
method of the cow? When the horse lies 
down to sleep does it have its legs partially 
under it like the cow? 

10. In walking which leg moves first? 
Second? Third? Fourth? How many gaits 
has the horse? Describe as well as you can 
all of these gaits. 

11. Make a sketch of a horse showing 
the parts. (See Webster's Unabridged.) 
When we say a horse is fourteen hands 
high what do we mean? 

12. In fighting, what weapons does the 
horse use and how? 

13. In training a horse, should the voice 
or the whip be used more? What qualities 
should a man have to be a good horse 
trainer? Why is shying a good quality in 



280 



ANIMALS 



wild horses? How should it be dealt with 
in the domestic horse? 

14. What sort of feed is best for the 
horse? How and when should the horse 
be watered? Should the water be warmed 
in cold weather? Why? Should the bit be 
warmed in winter before putting it in a 
horse's mouth? Why? Should a tight 
over checkrein be used when driving? 
Why not? When the horse has been 
driven until it is sweating what are the 
rules for blanketing it when hitched out 
of doors and when hitched in the bam? 
What is your opinion of a man who lets 
his horse stand waiting in the cold, un- 
blanketed? If horses were kept out of 
doors all the time would this treatment 
be so cruel and dangerous? Why not? 
Why should dusty hay be dampened be- 
fore it is fed to a horse? Why should a 
horse be groomed? Which should receive 
more attention, the legs or the body? 

15. How many breeds of horses do you 
know? What is the use of each? Describe 
as well as you can the characteristics of 
the following: the thoroughbred, the hack- 
ney, and other coach horses; the Ameri- 
can trotter, the Percheron, the Clydesdale. 



16. Write English themes on the fol- 
lowing subjects: " The Prehistoric Horses 
of America," " The Arabian Horse and Its 
Life with Its Master," "The Bronchos 
and Mustangs of the West/' " The Wild 
Horses of Tartary," "The Zebras of 
Africa," " The Shetland Ponies and the 
Islands on Which They Run Wild." 

Many horses shy a good deal at objects 
they meet on the road. This mostly arises 
from nervousness, because the objects are 
not familial to them. Therefore, to cure 
the habit, you must get your horse accus- 
tomed to what he sees, and so give him 
confidence. ... Be careful never to stop 
a horse that is drawing a vehicle or load 
in the middle of a hill, except for a rest; 
and if for a rest, draw him across the hill 
and place a big stone behind the wheel, so 
that the strain on the shoulder may be 
eased. Unless absolutely necessary never 
stop a horse on a hill or in a rut, so that 
when he starts again it means a heavy tug. 
Many a horse has been made a jibber and 
his temper spoilt by not observing this 
rule. " A COUNTRY READER," H. B. M. 
BUCHANAN. 



CATTLE 



That in numbers there is safety is a 
basic principle in the lives of wild cattle, 
probably because their chief enemies, the 
wolves, hunted in packs. It has often been 
related that, when the herd is attacked by 
wolves, the calves are placed at the center 
of the circle made by the cattle, standing 
with heads out and horns ready for attack 
from every quarter. But when a single 
animal, like a bear or tiger, attacks any 
of the herd, they all gather around it in 
a narrowing circle of clashing horns, and 
many of these great beasts of prey have 
thus met their death. The cow is as for- 
midable as the bull to the enemy, since 
her horns are strong and sharp and she 
tosses her victim, unless it is too large. 
The heavy head, strong neck, and short 
massive horns of the bull are not so much 



for defense against enemies as against rival 
bulls. The bull not only tosses and gores 
his victim, but kneels or tramples upon it. 
Both bull and cow have effective weap- 
ons of defense in the hind feet, which 
kick powerfully. The buffalo bull of India 
will attack a tiger single-handed, and usu- 
ally successfully. It is a strange thing that 
all cattle are driven mad by the smell of 
blood, and weird stories are told of the 
stampeding of herds from this cause, on 
the plains of our great West. 

Cattle are essentially grass and herbage 
eaters, and their teeth are peculiarly ar- 
ranged for this. There are eight front teeth 
on the lower jaw, and a horny pad opposite 
them on the upper jaw. Back of these 
on each jaw there is a bare place and six 
grinding teeth on each side. As a cow crops 



MAMMALS 



281 




John L. Rich 



Bison or American buffalo. The original wild cattle of America 



the herbage, her head is moved up and 
down to aid in severing the leaves, and 
the peculiar sound of the tearing of the 
leaves thus made is not soon forgotten by 
those who have heard it. In the wild or 
domesticated state the habit of cud-chew- 
ing is this: The cattle graze mornings 
and evenings, swallowing the food as fast 
as cropped, and storing it in their ruminat- 
ing stomachs. During the heat of the day, 
they move to the shade, preferably to the 
shady banks of streams, and there in quiet 
the food is brought up, a small portion at 
a time, and chewed with a peculiar side- 
wise movement of the jaws and again 
swallowed. There is probably no more per- 
fect picture of utter contentment than 
a herd of cows chewing their cuds in the 
shade, or standing knee-deep in the cool 
stream on a summer's day. The cattle in 
a herd keep abreast and move along when 
grazing, heads in the same direction. 

Connected with the grazing habit, is 
that of the hiding of the newborn calf 
by its mother; the young calf is a wabbly 
creature and ill-fitted for a long journey; 
so the mother hides it, and there it stays 
" frozen " and will never stir unless ac- 
tually touched. As the mother is obliged 



to be absent for some time grazing with 
the herd, the calf is obliged to go without 
nourishment for a number of hours, and 
so it is provided with a large compound 
stomach which, if filled twice a day, 
suffices to insure health and growth. The 
cow, on the other hand, giving her milk 
out only twice a day, needs a large udder 
in which to store it. The size of the udder 
is what has made the cow useful to us as 
a milch animal. 

A fine cow is a beautiful creature, her 
soft yellow skin beneath the sleek coat of 




Cows in pasture. A Jersey and a Holstein 



282 



ANIMALS 




Marion E. Wesp 

A very young Jersey calf gets its breakfast 

short hair, the well-proportioned body ? the 
mild face, crowned with spreading, pol- 
ished horns and illuminated with large 
gentle eyes, are all elements of beauty 
which artists have recognized, especially 
those of the Dutch school. The ancients 
also admired bovine eyes, and called their 
most beautiful goddess the ox-eyed Juno. 
The cow's ears can be turned in any di- 
rection, and her sense of hearing is keen; 
so is her sense of smell, aided by the moist, 
sensitive skin of the nose; she always sniffs 
danger and also thus tests her food. Al- 
though a cow if well kept has a sleek coat, 
when she is allowed to run out of doors 
during the winter her hair grows long and 
shaggy as a protection. The cow walks on 
two toes, or as we say has a split hoof. She 
has two lesser toes above and behind the 
hoofs which we call dewclaws. The part 
of her leg which seems at first glance to 
be her knee is really her wrist or ankle. 
Although short-legged, the cow is a good 
runner, as those who have chased her can 
bear witness. She can walk and gallop, and 
has a pacing trot; she is a remarkable 
jumper, often taking a fence like a deer; 
she also has marvelous powers as a swim- 
mer, a case being on record where a cow 
swam five miles. But a cow would be ill- 
equipped for comfort if it were not for 
her peculiar tail, which is made after the 
most approved pattern of fly-brushes, and 
is thus used. Woe betide the fly she hits 
with it, if the blow is as efficient as that 
which she incidentally bestows on the 
head of the milker. It is to get rid of flies 
that the cattle, and especially the buffa- 



loes, wallow in the mud and thus coat 
themselves with a fly-proof armor. 

There is a fairly extensive range of emo- 
tions expressed in cattle language, from 
the sullen bellow of the angry animal to 
the lowing which is the call of the herd, 
and the mooing which is meant for the 
calf; and there are many other bello wings 
and mutterings which we can partially un- 
derstand. 

Every herd of cows has its leader, who 
has won the position by fair fight. Add a 
new cow to the herd, and there is at once 
a trial of strength, to adjust her to her 
proper place; and in a herd of cows, the 
leader leads; she goes first and no one may 
say her nay. In fact, each member of the 
herd has her place in it; and that is why it 
is so easy to teach each cow in a herd to 
take her own stanchion in the stable. In 
a herd of forty cows which I knew, each 
cow took her stanchion, no matter in 
what order she happened to enter the 
stable. 

A cow at play is a funny sight; her tail 
is lifted aloft like a pennant and she kicks 
as lightly as if she were made of rubber. 
She is also a sure-footed beast, as anyone 
can attest who has seen her running down 
the rocky mountainsides of the Alps at 
a headlong pace and never making a mis- 
take. In lying down, the cow first kneels 
with the front legs, or rather drops on her 
wrists, then the hindquarters go down, 
and the front follow. She does not lie flat 




E. S. Harrison 

Cornell Ormsby Esteem. Holstein heifer, an 
all-American yearling 



MAMMALS 



283 



on her side when resting, like the horse 
when at ease, but with her legs partially 
under her. In getting up, she rests upon 
her wrists and then lifts the hindquarters. 

THE USEFULNESS OF CATTLE 

When man emerged from the savage 
state, his first step toward civilization was 
domesticating wild animals and training 
them for his own use. During the nomad 
stage, when tribes wandered over the face 
of the earth, they took their cattle along. 
From the first, these animals have been 
used in three capacities: first, for carry- 
ing burdens and as draft animals; second, 
as meat; third, as givers of milk. They were 
also used in the earlier ages as sacrifices to 
the various deities, and in Egypt, some 
were held sacred. 

As beasts of burden and draft animals, 
oxen are still used in many parts of the 
United States. For logging, especially in 
pioneer days, oxen were far more valuable 
than horses. They are patient and will pull 
a few inches at a time, if necessary, a tedi- 
ous work which the nervous horse refuses 
to endure. Cows, too, have been used as 
draft animals, and are so used in China 
today, where they do most of the plowing; 
in these Oriental countries milk is not con- 
sumed to any extent, so the cow is kept 
for the work she can do. In ancient times 
in the East, white oxen formed a part of 
royal processions. 

Because of two main uses of cattle by 
civilized man, he has bred them in two 





Animal Husbandry Dept., Cornell U." 

Glen Carncck's Jessie 9th. Angus heifer ready 
jor the show ring 



Eugene J. Hall 

Lady Fairfax. A prize winning Hereford 
cow. Herefords are one of the leading breeds 
of beef cattle 



directions; for producing beef ? and for 
milk. The beef cattle are chiefly Aberdeen- 
Angus, Galloway, Shorthorn or Durham, 
and Hereford; the dairy breeds are the 
Jersey, Guernsey, Ayrshire, Holstein- 
Friesian and Brown Swiss. The beef ani- 
mal is, in cross section, approximately like 
a brick set sidewise. It should be big and 
full across the loins and back, the shoul- 
ders and hips covered heavily with flesh, 
the legs stout, the neck thick and short, 
and the face short; the line of the back is 
straight, and the stomach line parallel with 
it. Very different is the appearance of the 
milch cow. Her body is oval, instead of be- 
ing approximately square in cross-section, 
The outline of her back is not straight, but 
sags in front of the hips, which are promi- 
nent and bony. The shoulders have little 
flesh on them; and if looked at from above, 
her body is wedge-shaped, widening from 
shoulders backward. The stomach line is 
not parallel with the back bone, but slants 
downward from the shoulder to the udder. 
The following are the points that indi- 
cate a good milch cow: Head high be- 
tween the eyes, showing large air passages 
and indicating strong lungs. Eyes clear 
large, and placid, indicating good disposi- 
tion. Mouth large, with a muscular lowei 
jaw, showing ability to chew efficiently 
and rapidly. Neck thin and fine, showing 
veins through the skin. Chest deep and 
wide, showing plenty of room for heart 
and lungs. Abdomen large but well sup- 
ported, and increasing in size toward the 



284 ANIMALS 

rear. Ribs well spread, not meeting the 
spine like the peak of a roof, but the spine 
must be prominent, revealing to the touch 
the separate vertebras. Hips much broader 
than the shoulders. Udder large, the four 
quarters of equal size, and not fat; the 
" milk veins " which carry the blood from 
the udder should be large and crooked, 
passing into the abdomen through large 
openings. Skin soft, pliable, and covered 
with fine, oily hair. She should have good 
digestion and great powers of assimilation. 
The milch cow is a milk-making machine, 
and the more fuel (food) she can use, 
the greater her production. 




E. S. Harrison, 



Cornell Ollie Catherine. A prize-winning 
Holstein cow 



The physiological habits of the beef and 
milch cattle have been changed as much 
as their structure. The food given to the 
beef cow goes to make flesh; while that 
given to the milch cow goes to make milk, 
however abundant her food. Of course, 
there are all grades between the beef and 
the milch types, for many farmers use dual 
herds for both. However, if a farmer is 
producing rnilk it pays him well to get 
the best possible machine to make it, and 
that is always a cow of the milch type. 

A GEOGRAPHY LESSON 

All the best breeds of cattle have been 
evolved in the British Isles and in Europe 
north of Italy and west of Russia. All our 
domesticated cattle were developed from 
wild cattle of Europe and Asia. The cattle 
which roam in our rapidly narrowing graz- 



ing lands of the far West are European 
cattle. America had no wild cattle except 
the bison. In geography supplementary 
readers, read about Scotland, England, the 
Channel Islands, the Netherlands, France, 
and Switzerland and the different kinds of 
cattle developed in these countries. 

How TO PRODUCE GOOD MILK 
There are four main ingredients of milk 
- fat, protein, sugar, and ash. The fat is 
for the purpose of supplying the animal 
with fat, which may be used as such, or 
which may be converted into energy. The 
protein supplies the material from which 
muscle tissue is built. The sugar provides 
a source of energy. The protein and sugar 
considered together form what we know 
as curd, which is the main ingredient of 
cheese; however, cheese, to be good, 
should contain a full amount of butter fat. 
The ash which may be seen as residue 
when milk is burned, builds up the bone 
of the animal. 

Jersey cows produce a milk containing 
a higher per cent of fat than any other 
common dairy breed in the United States. 
The Holstein cows produce a large flow 
of milk with a low per cent of fat. The 
quantity of sugar is relatively constant, 
while the protein increases with the fat 
but not in direct proportion. 

The dairy barn should have concrete 
floors and metal equipment to aid in keep- 
ing the surroundings clean. The produc- 
tion of clean milk requires that the cows 
be brushed or groomed each day; that 
their udders be washed before each milk- 
ing, preferably with individual washcloths 
saturated in a mild chlorine solution. As 
soon as the milk is drawn from the udder, 
it should be taken to a dairy house where 
it should be strained into sterilized cans. 
The milk should then be cooled immedi- 
ately, and kept at a low temperature until 
it is ready to be used. Milk absorbs odors 
or flavors very readily, and therefore should 
never be kept in the dairy barn itself. A 
pure quality of milk that may be safely 
consumed raw must be produced by 
healthy cows, cared for by healthy attend- 



MAMMALS 



ants under sanitary conditions. Pasteuriza- 
tion of milk destroys bacteria and makes it 
possible to keep the milk sweet for several 
days if stored in a refrigerator. 

Milk to be legally sold in New York 
State must possess three per cent of butter 
fat. For upper grades or first-year work in 
the high school, there could not be a 
more profitable exercise than teaching the 
pupils the use of the Babcock milk tester. 

THE CARE OF THE MILCH Cow 

It is impossible to overestimate the im- 
portance of teaching the pupils in rural 
districts the proper care of milch cattle 
for the production of milk. The milch cow 
is a perfect machine, and should be re- 
garded as such in producing milk. First, 
she should have plenty of food of the right 
kind, that is, well-balanced ration. Second, 
she should have a warm, clean stable and 
be supplied with plenty of good fresh air. 
A cold stable makes it necessary to pro- 
vide much more food for the cow; a case 
on record shows that when a barn was 
opened up in cold weather for necessary 
repairing, the amount of milk from the 
cows stabled in it decreased ten per cent 
in twenty-four hours. There should be a 
protected place for drinking, if the cattle 
must be turned out of the barn for water 
in winter; it is far better to have the water 
piped into the barn, although the herd 
should be given a few hours each day in 
the open air. A dog should never be used 
for driving cows. To be profitable, a cow 
should give milk ten months of the year 
at least. Calves should be dehorned when 
they are a few days old by putting caustic 
potash on the budding horns, thus obvi- 
ating the danger of damaging the cow 
by dehorning. 

In a properly run dairy, a pair of scales 
stands near the can for receiving the milk; 
and as the milk from each cow is brought 
in, it is weighed and the amount set down 
opposite the cow's name on a "milk 
sheet " that is tacked on the wall nearby. 
At the end of each week the figures on the 
milk sheet are added, and the farmer 
knows just how much milk each cow is 



giving him, and whether there are any in 
the herd that are not paying their board. 
SUGGESTED READING Baby Animals 
on the Farm, by Kate E. Agnew and Mar- 
garet Coble; Farm Animals, by James G. 
Lawson; The Pet Boole, by Anna B. Corn- 
stock; Better Dairy Farming, by E. S. 
Savage and L. A. Maynard; Feeds and 
Feeding, by L. A. Maynard; also, some 
of the readings on page 214. 

LESSON 68 
THE Cow 

LEADING THOUGHT Certain character- 
istics which enable the cow to live suc- 
cessfully as a wild animal have rendered 
her of great use to us as a domestic animal. 

METHOD Begin the lesson by leading 
the pupils to understand the peculiar 
adaptation of cattle for success as wild ani- 
mals. This will have to be done largely by 
reading and asking for oral or written work 
on the following topics: " The Aurochs," 
" Wild Cattle of the Scottish Highlands," 
"The Buffaloes of the Orient/ 7 "The 
American Bison," " The Cowboys of the 
West and Their Work with Their Herds," 
" The Breeds of Beef Cattle, Where They 
Came From, and Where Developed," 
" The Breeds of Milch Cattle, Their Ori- 
gin and Names." The following questions 
may be given out a few at a time and an- 
swered as the pupils have opportunity for 
observation. 

OBSERVATIONS i. What are the char- 
acteristics of a fine cow? Describe her 
horns, ears, eyes, nose, and mouth. Do you 
think she can hear well? What is the atti- 
tude of her ears when she is listening? Do 
you think she has a keen sense of smell? 
Is her nose moist? Is her hair long or 
short? Smooth or rough? 

2. The cow walks on two toes. Can you 
see any other toes which she does not 
walk on? Why is the cow's foot better 
adapted than that of the horse for walking 
in mud and marshes? What do we call 
the two hind toes which she does not 
walk on? Can you point out on the cow's 
leg those parts which correspond with our 
elbow, wrist, knee, and ankle? Is the cow 



286 



ANIMALS 



a good runner? Is she a good jumper? Can 
she swim? 

3. For what use was the cow's tail evi- 
dently intended? How do the wild buf- 
faloes and bison get rid of attacks of flies? 

4. How much of cattle language do you 
understand? How does the cow express 
pleasure? Lonesomeness? Anger? How 
does the bull express anger? What does 
the calf express with the voice? 

5. Is there always a leader in a herd of 
cows? Do certain cows of the herd always 
go first and others last? Do the cows read- 
ily learn to take each her own place in the 
stable? How is leadership of the herd at- 
tained? Describe cattle at play. 

6. At what time of day do cattle feed 
in the pasture? When and where do they 
chew the cud? Do they stand or lie to do 
this? Describe how a cow lies down and 
gets up. 

7. How do wild cattle defend them- 
selves from wolves? From bears or other 
solitary animals? 

8. For what purposes were cattle first 
domesticated? For how many purposes do 
we rear cattle today? 

9. Name and give brief descriptions of 
the different breeds of cattle with which 
you are familiar. Which of these are beef 
and which milch types? 

10. What are the distinguishing points 
of a good milch cow? Of a good beef ani- 
mal? What does the food do for each 
of these? Which part of the United States 
produces most beef cattle? Which the 
most milch cattle? 



11. What do we mean by a balanced 
ration? Do you know how to compute 
one? What is the advantage of feeding 
cattle a balanced ration? 

12. What must be the per cent of but- 
ter fat in milk to make it legally salable in 
your state? How many months of the year 
should a good cow give milk? 

13. Should a dog be used in driving 
dairy cows? Why not? 

14. Why is a cool draughty bam an ex- 
pensive place in which to keep cattle? 
Why is a barn not well ventilated a 
danger? 

15. Why is the dehorning of cattle 
practiced? When and how should a calf 
be dehorned? 

16. Why should milk not be strained 
in the barn? Why is it profitable for the 
dairy farmer to keep his stable clean and 
to be cleanly in the care of milk? How does 
the food of cows affect the flavor of the 
milk? Why should a farmer keep a rec- 
ord of the number of pounds of milk 
which each cow in his dairy gives each 
day? 

17. For what are oxen used? Wherein 
are they superior to horses as draft ani- 
mals? Do you know of any place where 
oxen are used as riding animals? 

18. How many industries are depend- 
ent upon cattle? 

19. Give oral or written exercises on the 
following themes: " How the Best Butter 
Is Made "; " The Use of Bacteria in But- 
ter"; "How Dairy Cheese Is Made"; 
" How Fancy Cheeses Are Made/ 7 



THE PIG 

I wander through the underbresh, 
Where pig tracks pintin' to'rds the crick, 
Is picked and printed in the fresh 
Black bottom-lands, like wirnmern prick 
Their pie-crusts with a fork RILEY 



By a forest law of William the First of 
England in the eleventh century, it was 
ordained that any that were found guilty 
of killing the stag or the roebuck or the 



wild boar should have their eyes put out . 
This shows that the hunting of the wild 
boar in England was considered a sport 
of gentlemen in an age when nothing was 



MAMMALS 





















Breakfast, cafeteria style 



Bureau of Animal Industry, U. S. D. A. 



considered sport unless it was dangerous. 
The wild hog of Europe is the ancestor 
of our common domesticated breeds, al- 
though the Chinese domesticated their 
own wild species, even before the dawn of 
history. 

The wild hog likes damp situations 
where it may wallow in the water and 
mud; but it also likes to have, close by, 
woods, thicket, or underbrush, to which 
it can retire for rest and also when in 
danger. The stiff, bristling hairs which 
cover its thick skin are a great protection 
when it is pushing through thorny thick- 
ets. When excited or angry, these bristles 
rise and add to the fury of its appearance. 
Even in our own country the wild hogs of 
the South whose ancestors escaped from 
domestication have reverted to their origi- 
nal savagery, and are dangerous when in- 
furiated. The only recorded instance when 
our great national hunter, Theodore 
Roosevelt, was forced ignominiously to 
climb a tree, was after he had emptied 
his rifle into a herd of " javelins/' as the 
wild pigs of Texas are called; the javelins 
are the peccaries, which are the American 
representatives of the wild hog. 

That the hog has become synonymous 
with filth is the result of the influence of 
man upon this animal, for of all animals, 
the pig is naturally the neatest, keeping 
its bed clean, often in the most discourag- 



ing and ill-kept pens. The pig is sparsely 
clothed with bristles and hairs, which yield 
it no protection from the attacks of flies 
and other insects. Thus it is that the pig, 
in order to rid itself of these pests, has 
learned to wallow in the mud. However, 
this is in the nature of a mud bath, and 
is for the purpose of keeping the body free 
from vermin. The wild hogs of India make 
for themselves grass huts, thatched above 
and with doors at the sides, which shows 
that the pig, if allowed to care for itself, 
understands well the art of nest building. 
One of the most interesting things 
about a pig is its nose; this is a fleshy disc 
with nostrils in it and is a most sensitive 
organ of feeling; it can select grain from 




Bureau of Animal Industry, U. S. D. A. 

Razorback. A hog of no definite breed, 
which is allowed to roam at will in some of 
the southern states 



288 



ANIMALS 




Duroc-Jersey boar 

chaff, and yet it is so strong that it can root 
up the ground in search for food. " Root " 
is a pig word, and was evidently coined to 
describe the act of the pig when digging 
for roots; the pig's nose is almost as re- 
markable as the elephant's trunk, and the 
pig's sense of smell is very keen; it will 
follow a track almost as well as a dog. 
There are more instances than one of a 
pig being trained as a pointer for hunting 
birds, and showing a keener sense of smell 
and keener intelligence in this capacity 
than do dogs. French pigs are taught to 
hunt for truffles, which are fungi growing 
on tree roots, a long way below the surface 
of the ground; the pig detects their pres- 
ence through the sense of smell. 

The pig has a full set of teeth, having six 
incisors, two canines, and seven grinding 
teeth on each jaw; although in some cases 
there are only four incisors on the upper 
jaw. A strange thing about a pig's teeth 
is the action of the upper canines, or 
tushes, which curve upward instead of 
downward; the lower canines grind up 
against them, and are thus sharpened. The 
females have no such development of 
upper tushes as do the males; these 






W~WjJi?%&lt;' , " v-,v." 



tushes, especially the upper ones, are used 
as weapons; with them, the wild boar 
slashes out and upward, inflicting terrible 
wounds, often disabling horses and kill- 
ing men. Professor H. F. Button describes 
the fighting of hogs thus: " To oppose the 
terrible weapons of his rival, the boar has 
a shield of skin over his neck and shoul- 
ders, which may become two inches thick, 
and so hard as to defy a knife. When two 
of these animals fight, each tries to keep 
the tushes of his opponent against the 
shield, and to get his own tushes under 
the belly or flank of the other. Thus, each 




Poland China hog 



Eugene J. Hall 



Bureau of Animal Industry, U. S. D. A. 

Hampshire boar 

goes sidewise or in circles, which has given 
rise to the expression, ' to go sidewise like 
a hog to war.' " 

When, as a small girl, I essayed the 
difficult task of working buttonholes, I 
was told if I did not set my stitches more 
closely together, my buttonhole would 
look like a pig's eye, a remark which made 
me observant of that organ ever after. 
But though the pig's eyes are small, they 
certainly gleam with intelligence, and they 
take in all that is going on which may in 
any way affect his pigship. 

The pig is the most intelligent of all 
the farm animals, if it is only given a 
chance; it has excellent memory and can 
be taught tricks readily; it is affectionate 
ancl will follow its master around like a 
dog. Anyone who has seen a trained pig 
at a show picking out cards and counting 
must grant that it has brains. We stuff it 
so with fattening food, however, that it 
does not have a chance to use its brain, ex- 
cept now and then when it breaks out of 
the sty and we try to drive it back. Under 



MAMMALS 



these circumstances, we grant the pig all 
the sagacity usually imputed to the one 
who once possessed swine and drove them 
into the sea. Hunters of wild hogs pro- 
claim that they are full of strategy and 
cunning, and are exceedingly fierce. 

The head of the wild hog is wedge- 
shaped with pointed snout, and this form 
enables the animal to push into the thick 
underbrush along the river banks when- 
ever it is attacked. But civilization has 
changed this bold profile of the head, so 
that now in many breeds there is a hollow- 
between the snout and eyes, giving the 
form which we call " dished/ 7 Some 
breeds have sharp, forward-opening ears, 
while others have ears that lop. The wild 
pig of Europe and Asia has large, open 
ears extending out wide and alert on each 
side of the head. 

The covering of the pig is a thick skin 
beset with bristling hairs; when the hog 
is excited, the bristles rise and add to the 
fury of its appearance. The bristles aid in 
* protecting the animal when it is pushing 
through thorny thickets. The pig's querly 
tail is merely an ornament, although the 
tail of the wart hog of Africa, if pictures 
may be relied upon, might be used in a 
limited fashion as a fly-brush. 

When the pig is allowed to roam in 
the woods, it lives on roots, nuts, and es- 
pecially acorns and beech nuts; in the 
autumn it becomes very fat through feed- 
ing upon the latter. The mast-fed bacon 
of the semi-wild hogs of the southern 
states is considered the best of all. But 





Bureau of Animal Industry, U. S. D. A. 

Tamworth barrow } a bacon type 



Bureau of Animal Industry, U. S. D. A. 

A champion Berkshire sow 

almost anything, animal or vegetable, that 
comes in its way is eaten by the hog, and it 
has been long noted that the hog has 
done good sendee on our frontier as a 
killer of rattlesnakes. The pig is well fitted 
for locomotion on either wet or dry soil, 
for the two large hoofed toes enable it 
to walk well on dry ground and the two 
hind toes, smaller and higher up, help to 
sustain it on marshy soil. Although the 
pig's legs are short, it is a swift runner 
unless it is too fat. The razor-backs of the 
South are noted for their fleetness. 

We understand somewhat the pig's 
language: the constant grunting, which 
is a sound that keeps the pig herd to- 
gether, the complaining squeal of hunger, 
the satisfied grunt signifying enjoyment 
of food, the squeal of terror when seized, 
and the nasal growl when fighting. But 
there is much more to the pig's conver- 
sation than this; I knew a certain lady, a 
lover of animals, who once undertook to 
talk pig language as best she could imitate 
it, to two of her sows when they were en- 
gaged in eating. They stopped eating, 
looked at each other a moment and forth- 
with began fighting, each evidently attrib- 
uting the lady's remark to the other, and 
obviously it was of an uncomplimentary 
character. 

The pig's ability to take on fat was evi- 
dently a provision, in the wild state, for 
storing up from mast fat that should help 
sustain the animal during the hardships 
of winter; and this characteristic is what 
makes swine useful for our own food. Pigs, 
to do best, should be allowed to have pas- 
ture and plenty of fresh green food. Their 
troughs should be kept clean and they 



ANIMALS OF ZOOS AND PARKS 



1. RHINOCEROS. From two Greek words 
which mean " nose " and " horn }} we have the 
word " rhinoceros." Note the hornlike projec- 
tion on the nose of this African animal which 
is shown in the picture ; a form in Asia differs 
slightly in appearance. Range: Tropical por- 
tions of Asia and Africa. 

2. HIPPOPOTAMUS. This thick-skinned, 
short-legged, four-toed animal is at home in 
the rivers of Africa. It feeds chiefly on grass 
and aquatic plants. The word "hippopota- 
mus " is derived from two Greek words which 
mean "river" and "horse" 

3. KANGAROO. The short forelegs and the 
powerful hind legs which it uses for jumping 
give the kangaroo a unique appearance. By 
means of great leaps, this animal travels rap- 
idly. The immature young are carried in an 
external pouch. There are various kinds of 
kangaroos; the red kangaroo is shown in the 
picture. 

4. ZEBRA. These swift, wild animals of 
Africa are members of the horse family; their 
unique color arrangement, of dark stripes on 
a tawny background, is definitely character- 
istic of them. The colt in the picture is one 
week old. 

5. MALAY TIGER. The range of this large 
member of the cat family extends throughout 
most of Asia from southern Siberia south to 
Java and Sumatra. In color, a Malay tiger is 
tawny with black cross stripes. The male, 
much larger than the female, may reach a 
length of ten feet including the tail. 



6. POLAR BEAR. Found in Arctic regions, 
this white bear is to be seen on ice floes as 
well as swimming about in the water; it may 
weigh as much as 1500 pounds and reach a 
length of 9 feet. 

Photographs by New York Zoological Society 



7. NUBIAN GIRAFFE. This uniquely spotted 
African mammal may reach a height of 
twenty feet. By means of a very long neck 
and a grasping tongue, it can easily secure 
for its food leaves from trees. While it may 
remind one somewhat of a horse, it is really, 
to some extent, like a cow; it chews a cud. 

8. BACTRIAN OR TWO-HUMPED CAMEL. 
Long ago the camel was domesticated by man 
and is to this day an important beast of bur- 
den in northern Africa and western Asia. It 
is especially adapted to withstand the hard- 
ships of the deserts; it can go without drink- 
ing water for several days because certain 
portions of its stomach serve as water reser- 
voirs. Water can be taken in large quantities 
and then used as needed. There is a one- 
humped camel known as the Arabian or 
dromedary camel. 

9. WAPITI OR AMERICAN "ELK." This 
American mammal is incorrectly called 
" elk " ; that title really belongs to our moose, 
which is a true elk. The wapiti's range is now 
restricted chiefly to more remote regions of 
the western United States and Canada; but 
formerly the animal was found also in the 
central and eastern United States. In color, it 
is chestnut red in summer and rather grayish 
in winter. 

10. VIRGINIA OR WHITE-TAILED DEER. 
Only the males possess antlers; these are of 
solid bone, are directed forwards with the 
prongs upward, and are shed every spring. 
These deer were formerly very common in 
the plains and forests of the central and 
southern United States; but now they are 
abundant in only certain of the wilder por- 
tions of their former range. Their food con- 
sists of buds, leaves, tender bark, and various 
other forms of plant life. 



292 



ANIMALS 



should have access to ashes, and above all, 
they should have plenty of pure water; and 
as the pig does not perspire freely, access 
to water where it can take its natural mud 
baths helps to keep the body cool and the 
pig healthy in hot weather. 

The breeds of hogs most common in 
America are the Berkshire, which are 
black and white markings, and have ears 
extending erect; the Poland China, which 
are black and white with drooping ears; 




A family meal 



Marion E. Wesp 



the Duroc-Jersey, which are red or chest- 
nut with drooping ears; the Yorkshire and 
Cheshire, which are white with erect ears; 
and the Chester White, which are white 
with drooping ears. The Poland China 
and Duroc-Jersey are both pure American 
breeds. 

SUGGESTED READING Baby Animals on 
the Farm, by Kate E. Agnew and Margaret 
Coble; Farm Animals, by James G. Law- 
son; Mother Nature Series, by Fannie W. 
Dunn and Eleanor Troxell, Book i, Baby 
Animals; The Pet Book, by Anna B. Corn- 
stock; also, some of the readings on 
page 214. 

LESSON 69 
THE PIG 

LEADING THOUGHT The pig is some- 
thing more than a source of pork. It is a 
sagacious animal and naturally cleanly in 
its habits when not made prisoner by man. 

METHOD The questions in this lesson 



may be given to the pupils a few at a 
time, and those who have access to farms 
or other places where pigs are kept may 
make the observations, which should be 
discussed when they are given to the class. 
Supplementary reading should be given 
the pupils, which may inform them as to 
the habits and peculiarities of the wild 
hogs. Theodore Roosevelt's experience in 
hunting the wart hog in Africa will prove 
interesting reading. 

OBSERVATIONS i. How does the pig's 
nose differ from that of other animals? 
What is it used for besides for smelling? 
Do you think the pig's sense of smell is 
very keen? Why do pigs root? 

Describe the pig's teeth. For what 



2. 



are they fitted? What are the tushes for? 
Which way do the upper tushes turn? 
How do wild hogs use their tushes? 

3. Do you think that a pig's eyes look 
intelligent? What color are they? Do you 
think the pig can see well? 

4. Is the pig's head straight in front or 
is it dished? Is this dished appearance ever 
found in wild hogs? Do the ears stand out 
straight or are they lopped? What ad- 
vantage is the wedge-shaped head to the 
wild hogs? 

5. How is the pig covered? Do you 
think the hair is thick enough to keep off 
flies? Why does the pig wallow in the 
mud? Is it because the animal is dirty by 
nature or because it is trying to keep clean? 
Do the hog's bristles stand up if it is 
angry? 

6. If the pig could have its natural food 
what would it be and where would it be 
found? Why and on what should pigs be 
pastured? What do pigs find in the forest 
to eat? What kind of bacon is considered 
the best? 

7. On how many toes does the pig walk? 
Are there other toes on which it does not 
walk? If wading in the mud are the two 
hind toes of use? Do wild pigs run rapidly? 
Do tame pigs run rapidly if they are not 
too fat? Do you think the pig can swim? 
Do you think that the pig's tail is of any 
use or merely an ornament? 

8. What cries and noises do the pigs 
make which we can understand? 



MAMMALS 



9. How do hogs fight each other? When 
the boars fight, how do they attack or 
ward off the enemy? Where do we get 
the expression " going sidewise like a hog 
to war "? 

10. How many breeds of pigs do you 
know? Describe them. 

1 1 . What instances have you heard that 
show the hog's intelligence? 

12. Give an oral or written English ex- 



293 



Were Regarded by the Ancient Egyptians, 
Greeks, and Romans " (see encyclope- 
dia); " The Story of Hunting Wild Hogs 
in India "; " The Razor-Back Hogs of the 
South "; " The Wart Hog of Africa "; 
" Popular Breeds of Hogs." 

The nice little pig with a guerly tail, 
All soft as satin and pinky pale 
Is a very different thing by far 



ercise on one of the following topics: Than the Jumps of iniquity big pigs are. 
" The Antiquity of Swine; How They NONSENSE RHYME 



INSECTS 









Luna moth 
Flannel-moth 



Cecropia moth 



Wood engraving by Anna Botsford Comstock 

Juno moth 



Insects are among the most interesting 
and available of all living creatures for 
nature-study. The lives of many of them 
afford more interesting stories than are 
found in fairy lore; many of them show 
exquisite colors; and, most important of 
all, they are small and are, therefore, easily 
confined for observation. 

About us on every side are myriads of 
tiny creatures that commonly pass un- 
noticed, and even when we observe them, 
we usually think them unworthy of se- 
rious consideration. But all life is linked 
together in such a way that no part of the 
chain is unimportant. Frequently the ac- 
tion of some of these minute beings seri- 
ously affects the material success or failure 
of a great commonwealth. The introduc- 
tion and spread of a single species of insect 
(the cottony-cushion scale) in Califor- 
nia threatened the destruction of the ex- 
tensive orchards of that state; thousands of 
trees perished. The introduction of a few 
individuals of a particular kind of lady-bug 



(Rodolia cardinalis), which feeds upon 
this pest and multiplies rapidly, soon 
checked the pest ? and averted the disaster. 

But insects are of interest to us for 
other reasons than the influence they may 
have upon our material welfare; the study 
of them is a fruitful field for intellectual 
growth. It is not a small matter to be able 
to view intelligently the facts presented by 
the insect world, to know something of 
what is going on around us. And so exten- 
sive and complex is this field that no one 
gains more than a mere smattering con- 
cerning it. 

We know as yet comparatively little 
about the minute structure of insects; the 
transformations and habits of the greater 
number of species have not been studied; 
and the blood-relationship of the various 
groups of insects is very imperfectly under- 
stood. If, therefore, one would learn some- 
thing of the action of the laws that govern 
the life and development of organized 
beings, and at the same time experience 



INSECTS 



295 



the pleasure derived from original investi- 
gation, he cannot find a better field than 
is offered by the study of insects. 

But it is not necessary that one should 
have the tastes and leisure required for 
careful scientific investigation in order to 
profit by this study. It can be made a 
recreation, a source of entertainment 
when we are tired, a pleasant occupation 
for our thoughts when we walk. Any one 
can find out something new regarding in- 
sect architecture the ways in which 
these creatures build nests for them- 
selves or for their young. It is easy to ob- 
serve remarkable feats of engineering, 
wonderful industry, unremitting care of 
young, tragedies, and even war and slav- 
ery. 

The abundance of insects makes it easy 
to study them. They can be found where- 
ever man can live, and at all seasons. This 
abundance is even greater than is com- 
monly supposed. The number of individ- 
uals in a single species is beyond compu- 
tation: who can count the aphids or the 
scale-insects in a single orchard, or the 
bees in a single meadow? 

Not only are insects numerous when we 
regard individuals, but the number of 
species is far greater than that of all other 
animals taken together. The number of 
species in a single family is greater in sev- 
eral cases than the number of stars visible 
in a clear night. 

The word insect is often applied incor- 
rectly to any minute animal; but the term 
should be restricted to those forms possess- 
ing six legs and belonging to the class, 
Hexapoda. The name Hexapoda is from 
two Greek words : hex, six; and pous, foot. 
It refers to the fact that the members of 
this order differ from other arthropods in 
the possession of only six feet. Thus 
spiders, which have eight legs, are not in- 
sects. 

Insects breathe by means of a system 
of air-tubes (tracheae) which extend 
through the body. This is true even in the 
case of those that live in water and are 
supplied with gill-like organs (the tracheal 
gills). The head is distinct from the tho- 
rax, and bears a single pair of antennae; in 



these respects they are allied to the milli- 
pedes and centipedes although they are ap- 
parently more closely related to a small 
group of animals known as symphylids. 

Insects can be easily distinguished by 
the number of their feet, and usually, also 
by the presence of wings. 

While the young pupils should not be 
drilled in insect anatomy as if they were 
embryo zoologists, yet it is necessary for 
the teacher who would teach intelli- 
gently to know something of the life 
stories, habits, and structure of the com- 
mon insects. 

Nearly all insects in the course of their 
lives undergo remarkable changes in form. 
Thus the butterfly, which delights us with 
its airy flight, was at one time a caterpillar; 
and the busy bee lived first the life of a 
clumsy grub. Generally speaking, insects 
develop from eggs. The word egg brings 
before most of us the picture of the egg of 
the hen or of some other bird. But insect 
eggs are often far more beautiful than those 
of any bird; they are of widely differing 
forms and are often exquisitely colored; 
the shells may be ornately ribbed and pit- 
ted, are sometimes adorned with spines, and 
are as beautiful to look at through a micro- 
scope as the most artistic piece of mosaic. 

From the eggs, larvae (singular, larva) 
issue. These larvae may be caterpillars, or 
the creatures commonly called worms, or 
perhaps maggots or grubs. The larval stage 
is devoted to feeding and to growth. 
It is the chief business of the larva to 
eat diligently and to attain maturity as 
soon as possible; for often the length 
of the larval period depends more upon 
food than upon lapse of time. All in- 
sects have their skeletons on the outside 
of the body; that is, the outer covering of 
the body is chitinous, and the soft and 
inner parts are attached to it and sup- 
ported by it. This skin is so firm that it can- 
not stretch to accommodate the increas- 
ing size of the growing insect, so from 
time to time it is shed. But before this is 
done, a new skin is formed beneath the 
old one. After the old skin bursts open 
and the insect crawls forth, the new skin 
is sufficiently soft and elastic to allow for 



296 ANIMALS 

the increase in the size of the insect. 
Soon the new skin becomes hardened like 
the old one ? and after a time is shed. This 
shedding of the skin is called molting. 






Eggs of insects: 1, the tree-cricket, (Ecan- 
thua nigricornus ; 2, the White Mountain but- 
terfly, CEnis semidea; 3, stinkbug, Piezoste- 
rum subulatum; 4, water-measurer, Hydrom- 
etra martini 

Some insects shed their skins only four or 
five times during the period of attaining 
their growth., while other species may 
molt twenty times or more. 

After the larva has attained its full 
growth it changes its skin and its form, 
and becomes a pupa. The pupa stage is 
ordinarily one of inaction, except that very 
wonderful changes take place within the 
body itself. Usually the pupa has no 
power of moving around, but in many 
cases it can squirm somewhat, if dis- 
turbed. The pupa of the mosquito is ac- 
tive and is an exception to the rule. The 
pupa is usually an oblong object and 
seems to be without head, feet, or wings; 





M. V. Slingerland 

Full-grown caterpillar of the luna moth 

but if it is examined closely, especially in 
the case of butterflies and moths, the an- 
tennas, wings, and legs may be seen, folded 
down beneath the pupa skin. 

Many larvas, especially among the 
moths, weave about themselves a covering 
of silk which serves to protect them from 
their enemies and the weather during the 
helpless pupa period. This silken covering 
is called a cocoon. The larva? of butterflies 
do not make a silken cocoon, but the 
pupa is suspended to some object by a 
silken knob, sometimes by a halter of silk, 
and remains entirely naked. The pupa of a 
butterfly is called a chrysalis. Care should 
be taken to have the children use the 
words pupa, chrysalis, and cocoon under- 
standingly. 




M. V. Slingerland 

The forest tent-caterpillar shedding its skin 



M. V. Slingerland 

A luna cocoon cut open, showing the pupa 



INSECTS 



297 




A butterfly chrysalis 

After a period varying from days to 
months, depending upon the species of 
insect and the climate, the pupa skin 
bursts open and from it emerges the adult 
insect, often equipped with large and 
beautiful wings and always provided with 
six legs and a far more complex structure 
of the body than characterized it as a larva. 
The insect never grows after it reaches this 
adult stage and therefore never molts. 
Some people seem to believe that a small 
fly will grow into a large fly, and a small 
beetle into a large beetle; but after an in- 
sect attains its perfect wings it does not 
grow larger. Many adult insects take very 
little food, although some continue to eat 
in order to support life. The adult stage is 
ordinarily shorter than the larval stage; it 
seems a part of nature's economic plan 
that the grown-up insects should live only 
long enough to lay eggs, and thus secure 



the continuation of the species. Insects 
having the four distinct stages in their 
growth, egg, larva, pupa, and adult, are 
said to undergo complete metamorphosis. 
But not all insects pass through an in- 
active pupa stage. With some insects, like 
the grasshoppers, the young, as soon as 
they are hatched, resemble the adult forms 




Insect brownies; tree hoppers as seen through 
a lens 

in appearance. These insects, like the 
larvae, shed their skins to accommodate 
their growth, but they continue to feed 
and move about actively until the final 
molt when the perfect insect appears. 
Such insects are said to have incomplete 
metamorphosis, which simply means that 
the form of the body of the adult insect is 
not greatly different from that of the 
young; the dragonflies, crickets, grasshop- 
pers, and bugs are of this type. It must be 
remembered that while many people refer 
to all insects as bugs, the term bug is cor- 




The delicate, exquisite green of the luna's wings is set 
off by the rose-purple, velvet border of the front wings, 
and the white fur on the body and inner edge of the hind 
wings. Little wonder that it has been called the " Empress 
of the Night." The long swallow tail of the hind wings 
gives the moth a most graceful shape, and at the same 
time probably affords it protection from observation. 
During the daytime the moth hangs, wings down, be- 
neath the green leaves, and these long projections of the 
hind wings folded together resemble a petiole, making the 
insect look very much like a large leaf 



The grasshopper is an example oj incomplete 
metamorphosis 

1 nymph, first stage; 2, nymph, second stage; 3, 
nymph, third stage; 4, nymph, fourth stage; 5, nymph, 
fifth stage; 6, adult 



298 



ANIMALS 



rectly applied only to one group of in- 
sects. This group includes such forms as 
stinkbugs, squash bugs, plant lice, and 



tree hoppers. The young of insects with 
an incomplete metamorphosis are called 
nymphs instead of larvae. 



SUMMARY OF THE METAMORPHOSES OF INSECTS 



Kinds of Metamorphosis 



I. Complete metamorphosis 
(example, butterfly) 



II. Incomplete metamorphosis 
(example, grasshopper) 

THE STRUCTURE OF INSECTS 
The insect body is made up of ringlike 
segments which are grown together. 
These segments are divided into groups 
according to their use and the organs 
which they bear. Thus the segments of an 
insect's body are grouped into three re- 
gions: the head, the thorax, and the ab- 
domen. The head bears the eyes, the an- 
tennae, and the mouth-parts. On each side 




A part of the compound eye, enlarged, of an 
insect 

of the head of the adult insect may be 
seen the compound eyes; these are so 
called because they are made up of many 
small eyes set together, much like the cells 
of the honeycomb. These compound eyes 
are not found in larvag of insects with 
complete metamorphosis, such as caterpil- 
lars, maggots, and beetle grubs. In addi- 
tion to the compound eyes, many adult in- 
sects possess simple eyes; these are placed 
between the compound eyes and are usu- 
ally three in number. Often they cannot 
be seen without the aid of a lens. 

The antennae or feelers are composed 
of many segments and are inserted in front 
of the eyes or between them. They vary 



Names of Stages 

Egg- 

Larva. 

Pupa. (Among the moths the pupa is 

sometimes enclosed in a cocoon.) 
1 Adult or winged insect. 

(Egg- 

^ Nymph (several stages). 

[Adult, or imago. 

greatly in form. In some insects they 
are mere threads; in others, like the silk- 
worm moths, they are large, feather-like 
organs. 



....FORE WING OR WING COVER 




May Gyger 

Grasshopper, with the parts of the external 
anatomy named 

The mouth-parts of insects vary greatly 
in structure and in form, being adapted to 
the life of the insect species to which they 
minister. Some insects have jaws fitted for 
seizing their prey, others for chewing 
leaves; others have a sucking tube for get- 
ting the juices from plants or the blood 
from animals, and others long delicate 
tubes for sipping the nectar from flowers. 



INSECTS 



299 




M. V. Slingerland 

A sphinx moth with the sucking tongue un- 
rolled 

In the biting insects, the mouth-parts 
consist of an upper lip, the labrum, 
an under lip, the labium, and two pairs 
of jaws between them. The upper pair 
of jaws is called the mandibles and the 
lower pair, the maxillae (singular maxilla) . 
There may be also within the mouth one 
or two tonguelike organs. Upon the 
maxillae and upon the lower lip there may 
also be feelers, which are called palpi 
(singular palpus). The jaws of insects, 
when working, do not move up and down, 
as do ours, but move sidewise like shears. 
In many of the insects, children can ob- 
serve the mandibles and the palpi without 
the aid of a lens. 

The thorax is the middle region of the 
insect body. It is composed of three of the 
body segments more or less firmly joined 
together. The segment next the head is 
called the prothorax, the middle one, the 






The mouth of the tree hopper, shown here 
extending beneath the body, is a long, three- 
jointed sucking tube 



mesothorax, and the hind one, the meta- 
thorax. Each of these segments bears a 
pair of legs and, in the winged insects, the 
second and third segments bear the wings. 




The mouth-parts of a grasshopper, enlarged 
and named 

8, upper lip or labrum; 10, mandibles or upper jaws; 
11, maxillae or lower jaws; 12, under lip or labium; 13, 
tongue; d, palpi 

Each leg consists of two small segments 
next to the body, next to them a longer 
segment, called the femur, beyond this a 
segment called the tibia, and beyond this 
the tarsus or foot. The tarsus is made up 
of a number of segments, varying from 
one to six, the most common number be- 



.... ABDOMEN., 




T ^ \u&amp;r ~ WLESS PROPLEe 

May Gyger 

A caterpillar, with the parts of the external 
anatomy named 

ing five. The last segment of the tarsus 
usually bears one or two claws. 

While we have little to do with the in- 
ternal anatomy of insects in elementary 
nature-study, the children should be 
taught something of the way that insects 
breathe. The child naturally believes that 
the insect, like himself, breathes through 



300 



ANIMALS 



the mouth, but as a matter of fact insects 
breathe through their sides. If we examine 
almost any insect carefully, we can find 
along the sides of the body a series of 
openings. These are called the spiracles, 
and through them the air passes into the 
insect's body. The number of spiracles 
varies greatly in different insects. There is, 
however, never more than one pair on a 
single segment of the body, and they do 
not occur on the head. The spiracles, or 
breathing pores, lead into a system of air 
tubes which are called trachese (tra'- 
Jce-ee), which permeate the insect's body 
and thus carry the air to every smallest 
part of its anatomy. The blood of the in- 
sect bathes these thin-walled air tubes and 
thus becomes purified, just as our blood 
becomes purified by bathing the air tubes 
of our lungs. Thus, although the insects 
do not have localized breathing organs, 
like our lungs, they have, if the expression 
may be permitted, lungs in every part of 
their little bodies. 



SUGGESTED READING Elementary Les- 
sons on Insects, by James G. Needham; 
Field Book of Insects, by Frank E. Lutz; 
Hand Book for the Curious, by Paul G. 
Howes; Insect Life, by John Henry Corn- 
stock; Insect Ways, by Clarence M. Weed; 
An Introduction to Entomology, by John 
Henry Comstock; A Manual for the Study 
of Insects, by John Henry Comstock, 
Anna B. Comstock, and Glenn W. Her- 
rick; Nature Study and Science, by Gil- 
bert H. Trafton; Our Insect Friends and 
Foes and Spiders, published by the Na- 
tional Geographic Society; Parade of the 
Animal Kingdom, by Robert Hegner; ad- 
ditional references are to be found in the 
bibliography in the back of this Hand- 
book, under various headings: Insects and 
Other Invertebrates, Animals in Gen- 
eral, Nature-Study in General, Textbooks 
and Readers, Nature Poetry, Magazines 
and Periodicals, Books for Parents and 
Teachers. Many state and federal bulle- 
tins give additional information. 



Head 



SUMMARY OF STRUCTURE OF AN INSECT 

Antennas. 
Compound eyes. 
Simple eyes or ocelli. 

Labrum, or upper lip. 

, , i , Mandibles, or upper jaws. 

Mouth-parts Maxillae, or lower jaws, and maxillary palpi. 

Labium and labial palpi. 



Thorax 



Pro thorax and first pair of legs. 
Mesothoraxand / second pair of legs. 



Metathorax and 



Wing 



Leg 



first pair of wings, 
third pair of legs, 
second pair of wings. 

veins. 

cells. 

Two small segments called coxa and tro- 
chanter. 

Femur. 

Tibia. 

Tarsus and claws. 



Abdomen 



The abdomen bears 



ears (in locusts only) 

spiracles. 

ovipositor. 



INSECTS. 



301 



INSECTS OF THE FIELDS AND WOODS 

Some insects go through all the stages pecially well adapted for nature-study be- 

of their development on land; these are cause specimens are constantly available, 

the insects of fields and woods. This The insects presented from page 301 to 

group includes some of the most interest^ page 400 are common examples of this 

ing and beautiful of insects. They are es- group. 



THE BLACK SWALLOWTAIL BUTTERFLY 



This graceful butterfly is a very good 
friend to the flowers, being a most effi- 
cient pollen-carrier. It haunts the gardens 
and sips nectar from all the blossom cups 
held out for its refreshment; and it is 
found throughout almost all parts of the 
United States. The grace of its appearance 
is much enhanced by the " swallowtails/ 7 
two projections from the hind margins of 
the hind wings. The wings are velvety 
black with three rows of yellow spots 
across them, the outer row being little 
crescents set in the margin of the wing; 
and each triplet of yellow spots is in the 
same cell of the wing between the same 
two veins. The hind wings are more elabo- 
rate, for between the two inside rows of 
yellow spots, there are exquisite metallic 
blue splashes, more vivid and more sharply 
outlined toward the inside of the wing 
and shading off to black at the outside. 
And just above the inner angle of the 
hind wing is an orange eyespot with a 
black center. On the lower surface of the 





M. V. Slingerland 

Black swallowtail butterfly 



M. V. Slingerland 



The eggs of the black swallowtail butterfly, 
enlarged 

wings, most of the yellow spots are re- 
placed with orange. 

The mother butterfly is larger than her 
mate and has more blue on her wings, while 
he has the yellow markings of the hind 
wings much more conspicuous. She lays 
her eggs, which are just the color of a drop 
of honey, on the under surface of the 
leaves of the food plant. After about ten 
days there hatch from these eggs spiny lit- 
tle fellows, black and angular, each with a 
saddle-shaped, whitish blotch in the mid- 
dle of the back. But it would take an elfin 
rider to sit in this warty, spiny saddle. The 
caterpillar has six spines on each segment, 
making six rows of spines the whole length 
of the body; the spines on the black por- 
tions are black and those on the saddle 
white, but they all have orange-colored 
bases. 

When little, spiny saddle-back gets 
ready to change its skin to one more 
commodious for its increased size, it seeks 



ANIMALS 




Dept. of Entomology, Cornell U. 

Black swallowtail caterpillars, showing two 
stages of growth 

some convenient spot on the leaf or stem 
and spins a little silken carpet from the 
silk gland opening in its under lip; on this 
carpet it rests quietly for some time, and 
then the old tight skin splits down the 
back, the head portion coming off sepa- 
rately. Swelling out to fill its new skin to 
the utmost, the caterpillar leaves its cast- 
off clothes clinging to the silken carpet 
and marches back to its supper. 

But after one of these changes of skin 
it becomes a very different looking cater- 
pillar, for now it is as smooth as it was 
formerly spiny; it is now brilliant caraway 
green, ornamented with roundwise stripes 
of velvety black; and set in the front, 
margin of each of these stripes are six yel- 
low spots. In shape, the caterpillar is larger 
toward the head; its true feet have little, 
sharp claws and look very different from 
the four pairs of prolegs and the hind 
prop-leg, all of which enable him to hold 
fast to the stem or the leaf; these fat legs 
are green, each ornamented with a black/ 
velvety polka dot. 

When we were children we spent hours 
poking these interesting creatures with 
straws to see them push forth their bril- 
liant orange horns. We knew this was an 
act of resentment, but we did not realize 
that from these horns was exhaled the 
nauseating odor of caraway which greeted 



our nostrils. We incidentally discovered 
that they did not waste this odor upon 
each other, for once we saw two of the 
full-grown caterpillars meet on a caraway 
stem. Neither seemed to know that the 
other was there until they touched; then 
both drew back the head and butted each 
other like billy goats, whack! whack! Then 
both turned laboriously around and hur- 
ried off in a panic. 

The scent organs of these caterpillars 
are really little Y-shaped pockets in the 
segment back of the head, pockets full of 
this peculiar caterpillar perfume. Under 
the stimulus of attack, the pocket is 
turned wrong side out and pushed far out 
making the " horns/' and at the same 
time throwing the strong odor upon the 
air. This spoils the flavor of these cater- 
pillars as bird food, so they live on in 
serene peace, never hiding under the 
leaves but trusting, like the skunk, to a 
peculiar power of repelling the enemy. 

We must admire this caterpillar for the 
methodical way in which it eats the leaf: 
beginning near the base, it does not burn 
its bridges behind it by eating through the 
midrib, but eats everything down to the 
midrib; after it arrives at the tip of the leaf 
it finishes midrib and all on its return 
journey, doing a clean job, and finishing 
everything as it moves along. 

When the caterpillar has completed its 
growth, it is two inches long; it then seeks 
some sheltered spot, the lower edge of a 
clapboard or fence rail being a favorite 
place; it there spins a button of silk which 
it grasps firmly with its hind prop-leg, and 
then, with head up, or perhaps horizontal, 
it spins a strong loop or halter of silk, fas- 
tening each end of it firmly to the object 
on which it rests. It thrusts its head 
through, so that the halter acts as a sling 
holding the insect from falling. There it 
sheds its last caterpillar skin, which 
shrinks back around the button, revealing 
the chrysalis, which is angular with earlike 
projections in front. Then comes the criti- 
cal moment, for the chrysalis lets go of 
the button with its caterpillar feet, and, 
trusting to the sling for support, pushes 
off the shrunken skin just shed and in- 



INSECTS 



305 



serts the hooks with which it is furnished 
firmly in the button of silk. Sometimes 
during this process, the chrysalis loses its 
hold entirely and falls to the ground, 
which is a fatal disaster. The chrysalis is 
yellowish brown and usually looks very 
much like the object to which it is at- 
tached, and is thus undoubtedly protected 
from the sight of possible enemies. Then 
some day it breaks open, and from it issues 
a crumpled mass of very damp insect vel- 
vet, which soon expands into a beautiful 
butterfly. 

SUGGESTED READING Butterfly and 
Moth Book, by Ellen Robertson-Miller; 
Holiday Meadow, by Edith M. Patch; 
How to Know the Butterflies, by John 
Henry Comstock and Anna B. Comstock; 
Nature by Seaside and Wayside, by 
Mary G. Phillips and Julia M. Wright, 
Book 3, Plants and Animals; Now for 
Creatures, by Shelby Shackelford; Scien- 
tific Living Series, Winter Comes and 
Goes, by George W. Frasier, Helen Dol- 
man, and Kathryne Van Noy; also, read- 
ings on page 300. 

LESSON 70 

THE BLACK SWALLOWTAIL BUTTERFLY 
LEADING THOUGHT The caterpillars of 
the swallowtail butterflies have scent 
organs near the head which they thrust 
forth when attacked, thus giving off a dis- 
agreeable odor which is nauseating to 
birds. 

METHOD In September, bring into 
the schoolroom and place in the terrarium, 
or breeding cage, a caraway or parsley 
plant on which these caterpillars are feed- 
ing, giving them fresh food day by day, 
and allow the pupils to observe them at 
recess and thus complete the lesson. 

THE CATERPILLAR AND CHRYSALIS 

OBSERVATIONS i. Touch the caterpil- 
lar on the head with a bit of grass. What 
does it do? What color are the horns? 
Where do they come from? Are there two 
separate horns or two branches of one 
horn? What odor comes from these 
horns? How does this protect the caterpil- 



lar? Does the caterpillar try to hide under 
the leaves when feeding? 

2. Describe the caterpillar as follows: 
What is its shape? Is it larger toward the 
head or the rear end? What is its ground 
color? How is it striped? How many 
black stripes? How many yellow spots in 
each black stripe? Are the yellow spots in 
the middle, or at each edge of the stripe? 

3. How do the front three pairs of legs 
look? How do they compare with the pro- 
legs? How many prop-legs are there? 
What is the color of the prolegs? How are 
they marked? Describe the prop-leg. What 
is its use? 

4. Observe the caterpillar eating a leaf. 
How does it manage so as not to waste 
any? 

5. Have you found the egg from which 
the caterpillar came? What color is it? 
Where is it laid? 

6. How does the young caterpillar look? 
What are its colors? How many fleshy 
spines has it on each segment? Aie these 
white on the white segments and black on 
the black segments? What is the color 
of the spines at their base? 

7. Watch one of these caterpillars shed 
its skin. How does it prepare for this? How 
does it spin its carpet? Where does the 
silk come from? Describe how it acts when 
shedding its skin. 




At the top is a caterpillar oj the black swal- 
lowtail butterfly ready to change to the chrys- 
alis form. Below is shown a chrysalis of the 
black swallowtail butterfly 



ANIMALS 




THE BUTTERFLY 



A tiger swallowtail butterfly visiting a lily 

8. When a caterpillar is full grown, how 
does it hang itself up to change to a 
chrysalis? How does it make the silk but- 
ton? How does it weave the loop or hal- 
ter? How does it fasten it? When the hal- 
ter is woven what does the caterpillar do 
with it? Describe how the last caterpillar 
skin is shed. How does the insect use its 
loop or halter while getting free from the 
molted skin? 

9. Describe the chrysalis. What is its 
general shape? What is its color? Is it 
easily seen? Can you see where the wings 
are, within the chrysalis? How is the chrys- 
alis supported? 

10. How does the chrysalis look when 
the butterfly is about to emerge? Where 
does it break open? How does the butterfly 
look at first? 



1 . Why is this butterfly called the black 
swallowtail? What is the ground color of 
the wings? How many rows of yellow 
spots on the front wings? Are they all the 
same shape? How are they arranged be- 
tween each two veins? Describe the hind 
wings. What colors are on them that are 
not on the front wings? Describe where 
this color is placed. Describe the eyespot 
on the hind wing. Where is it? How do 
the markings on the lower side of the wing 
differ from those above? How does the 
ground color differ from the upper side? 

2. What is the color of the body of the 
butterfly? Has it any marks? Has it the 
same number of legs as the monarch but- 
terfly? Describe its antennaa. Watch the 
butterfly getting nectar from the petunia 
blossom and describe the tongue. Where 
is the tongue when not in use? 

3. How does the mother butterfly dif- 
fer in size and in markings from her mate? 

The " caraway worms " were the ones 
that revealed to us the mystery of the pupa 
and butterfly. We saw one climb up the 
side of a house, and watched it as with 
many slow, graceful movements of the 
head it wove for itself the loop of silk 
which we called the " swing " and which 
held it in place after it changed to a chrys- 
alis. We wondered why such a brilliant 
caterpillar should change to such a dull- 
colored object, almost the color of the 
clapboard against which it hung. Then, 
one day, we found a damp, crumpled, 
black butterfly hanging to the empty 
chrysalis skin, its wings " all mussed " as 
we termed it; and we gazed at it pityingly; 
but even as we gazed, the crumpled wings 
expanded and then there came to our 
childish minds a dim realization of the 
miracle wrought within that little, dingy, 
empty shell. 

" How TO KNOW THE BUTTERFLIES," 

COMSTOCK 



INSECTS 




Migrating monarch butterflies 



American Museum of Natural History 



THE MONARCH BUTTERFLY 



It is a great advantage to an insect to 
have the bird problem eliminated, and 
the monarch butterfly enjoys this ad- 
vantage to the utmost. Its method of 
flight proclaims it, for it drifts about in a 
lazy ? leisurely manner, its glowing red 
making it like a gleaming jewel in the air ? 
a very different flight indeed from the zig- 
zag dodging movements of other butter- 
flies. The monarch has an interesting race 
history. It is a native of tropic America, 
and has probably learned through some 
race instinct that by following its food 
plant north with the opening season, it 
gains immunity from special enemies 
other than birds, which attack it in some 
stage in its native haunts. Each mother 
butterfly follows the spring northward as 



it advances, as far as she finds the milk- 
weed sprouted. There she deposits her 
eggs, from which hatch individuals that 
carry on the migration as far to the north 
as possible. It usually arrives in New York 
State early in July. As cold weather ap- 
proaches, the monarchs often gather in 
large flocks and move back to the South. 
How they find their way we cannot un- 
derstand, since there are among them 
none of the individuals which pressed 
northward early in the season. 

The very brilliant copper-red color of 
the upper sides of the wings of the mon- 
arch is made even more brilliant by the 
contrasting black markings which outline 
the veins and border the wings, and also 
cover the tips of the front wings with a 




ANIMALS 



The monarch butterfly 

triangular patch; this latter seems to be 
an especially planned background for 
showing off the pale orange and white 
dots set within it. There are white dots 
set, two pairs in two rows, between each 
two veins in the black margin of the 
wings; and the fringe at the edge of the 
wings shows corresponding white mark- 
ings. The hind wings and the front por- 
tions of the front wings have, on their 
lower sides, a ground color of pale yel- 
low, which makes the insect less con- 
spicuous when it alights and folds its 
wings above its back, upper surfaces to- 
gether. The black veins, on the lower sur- 
face of the hind wings, are outlined with 
white, and the white spots are much larger 
than on the upper surface. The body is 
black, ornamented with a few pairs of 
white spots above and with many large 
white dots below. The chief distinguish- 
ing characteristic of insects is the presence 
of six legs; but in this butterfly the front 
legs are so small that they scarcely look 
like legs. 

It is easy to observe the long, coiled 
tongue of the butterfly. If the act is done 



gently, the tongue may be uncoiled by 
lifting it out with a pin. It is very inter- 
esting to see a butterfly feeding upon 
nectar; this may be observed in the 
garden almost any day. I have also ob- 
served it indoors, by bringing in petu- 
nias and nasturtiums for my imprisoned 
butterflies, but they are not so likely to 
eat when in confinement. The antennae 
are about two-thirds as long as the body 
and each ends in a long knob; this knob, 
in some form, is what distinguishes the 
antenna of the butterflies from those of 
moths. The male monarch has a black 
spot upon one of the veins of the hind 
wing; this is a perfume pocket and is filled 
with what are called scent scales. These 
are scales of peculiar shape which cover 
the wing at this place and give forth an 
odor which we with our coarse sense of 
smell cannot perceive; but the lady mon- 
arch is attracted by this odor. The male 
monarch may be described to the children 
as a dandy carrying a perfume pocket to 
attract his sweetheart. 

It is very interesting to the pupils if they 
are able to see a bit of the butterfly's wing 
through a lens or microscope; the cover- 
ing of scales, arranged in such perfect 




The viceroy butterfly. Note the black band 
on the hind wings. This band distinguishes 
the viceroy from the monarch, which it re- 
sembles in color and markings 



INSECTS 



rows, is very beautiful and also very won- 
derful. The children know that they get 
dust upon their fingers from butterflies' 
wings, and they should know that each 
grain of this dust is an exquisite scale with 
notched edges and a ribbed surface. 

The monarch is, for some reason un- 
known to us, distasteful to birds, and its 
brilliant colors are an advertisement to all 
birds of discretion that here is an insect 
which tastes most disagreeable and which, 
therefore, should be left severely alone. 
There is another butterfly called the vice- 
roy which has taken advantage of this im- 
munity from bird attack on the part of 
the monarch and has imitated its colors 
in a truly remarkable way, differing from it 
only in being smaller in size and having a 
black band across the middle of the hind 
wing. 

The milkweed caterpillar, which is the 
young of the monarch butterfly, is a strik- 
ing object, and when fully grown is about 
two inches long. The milkweed is a suc- 
culent food and the caterpillar may ma- 
ture in eleven days; it is a gay creature, 
with ground color of green and cross 
stripes of yellow and black. On top of the 
second segment, back of the head, are two 
long, slender, whiplash-like organs, and on 
the seventh segment of the abdomen is a 
similar pair. When the caterpillar is fright- 
ened, the whiplashes at the front of the 
body twitch excitedly; when it walks, they 




The scales on a butterfly's wing as seen 
through a microscope 

move back and forth. Those at the rear of 
the body are more quiet and not so expres- 
sive of caterpillar emotions. These fila- 
ments are undoubtedly of use in frighten- 




M. V. Slingerland 

The monarch caterpillar 

ing away the little parasitic flies that lay 
their eggs upon the backs of caterpillars; 
these eggs hatch into little grubs that feed 
upon the internal fatty portions of the 
caterpillar and bring about its death 
through weakness. I remember well when 
I was a child, the creepy feeling with 
which I beheld these black- and yellow- 
ringed caterpillars waving and lashing 
their whips back and forth after I had dis- 
turbed them; if the ichneumon flies were 
as frightened as I, the caterpillars were 
surely safe. 

The caterpillar will feed upon no plant 
except milkweed; it feeds both day and 
night, with intervals of rest, and when 
resting hides beneath the leaf. Its striking 
colors undoubtedly defend it from birds, 
because it is as distasteful to them as is the 
butterfly. However, when frightened, 
these caterpillars fall to the ground where 
their stripes make them very inconspicu- 
ous among the grass and thus perhaps save 
them from the attack of some animals 
other than birds. These caterpillars, like 
all others, grow by shedding the skeleton 
skin as often as it becomes too tight. 

The monarch chrysalis is, I maintain, 



308 



ANIMALS 



the most beautiful gem in Nature's jewel 
casket; it is an oblong jewel of jade, 
darker at the upper end and shading to 




Monarch chrysalis. A jewel of 
gold 



ing jade and 



the most exquisite whitish green below; 
outlining this lower paler portion are shin- 
ing flecks of gold. If we look at these gold 
flecks with a lens, we cannot but believe 
that they are bits of polished gold foil. 
There may be other gold dots also, and 
outlining the apex of the jewel is a band 
of gold with a dotted lower edge of jet; 
and the knob at the top, to which the silk 
which suspends the chrysalis is fastened, 
is also jet. The chrysalis changes to a 
darker blue-green after two days, and 
black dots appear in the gold garniture. As 
this chrysalis is usually hung to the 
underside of a fence rail or overhanging 
rock, or to a leaf, it is usually surrounded 
by green vegetation, so that its green color 
protects it from prying eyes. Yet it is 
hardly from birds that it hides; perhaps its 
little gilt buttons are a hint to birds that 
this jewel is not palatable. As it nears the 
time for the butterfly to emerge, the 
chrysalis changes to a duller and darker 
hue. The butterfly emerges about twelve 
days after the change to a chrysalis. 

SUGGESTED READING Butterfly and 
Moth Book, by Ellen Robertson-Miller; 
Do You Know? by Janet Smalley; How to 
Know the Butterflies, by John Henry 
Comstock and Anna B. Comstock; Inter- 
esting Neighbors, by Oliver P. Jenkins; 
Now for Creatures, by Shelby Shackelf ord; 



Scientific Living Series, Winter Comes 
and Goes, by George W. Frasier, Helen 
Dolman, and Kathryne Van Noy; also, 
readings on page 300. 

LESSON 71 
THE MONARCH BUTTERFLY 

LEADING THOUGHT The monarch but- 
terfly migrates northward in spring and 
summer, moving up as the milkweed ap- 
pears, so as to give food to its caterpillar; 
and it has often been noticed migrating 
back southward in the autumn in large 
swarms. This insect is distasteful to birds 
in all its stages. Its chrysalis is one of the 
most beautiful objects in all nature. 

METHOD This lesson may be given in 
September, while yet the caterpillars of 
the monarch may be found feeding upon 
milkweed, and while there are yet many 
specimens of this gorgeous butterfly to be 
seen. The caterpillars may be brought in 
on the food plant, and their habits and 
performances studied in the schoolroom; 
but care should be taken not to have the 
atmosphere too dry. 




L. W. Brownell 

Monarch butterfly emerging from the chrysa- 



INSECTS 
THE BUTTERFLY 

OBSERVATIONS i. How can you tell 
the monarch butterfly from all others? 
What part of the wings is red? What por- 
tions are black? What portions are white? 
What are the colors and markings on the 
lower side of the wings? What is the color 
of the body and how is it ornamented? 

2. Is the flight of the monarch rapid, 
or slow and leisurely? Is it a very showy 
insect when flying? Are its colors more 
brilliant in the sunshine when it is flying 
than at any other time? Why is it not 
afraid of birds? 

3. When the butterfly alights, how 
does it hold its wings? Do you think it is 
as conspicuous when its wings are folded 
as when they are open? 

4. Can you see the butterfly's tongue? 
Describe the antennas. How do they differ 
from the antennse of moths? How many 
legs has this butterfly? Flow does this dif- 
fer from other insects? Note if you can see 
any indications of front legs. 

5. Is there on the butterfly you are 
studying a black spot near one of the 
veins on each hind wing? Do you know 
what this is? What is it for? 

6. Why are the striking colors of this 
butterfly a great advantage to it? Do you 
know of any other butterfly which imi- 
tates it and thus gains an advantage? 



THE CATERPILLAR 

1. Where did you find the monarch 
caterpillar? Was it feeding below or above 
on the leaves? Describe how it eats the 
milkweed leaf. 

2. What are the colors and the mark- 
ings of the caterpillar? Do you think these 
make it conspicuous? 

3. How many whiplash-shaped fila- 
ments do you find on the caterpillar? On 
which segments are they situated? Do 
these move when the caterpillar walks or 
when it is disturbed? Of what use are they 
to the caterpillar? 

4. Do you think this caterpillar would 
feed upon anything except milkweed? 
Does it rest, when not feeding, upon the 
upper or the lower surface of the leaves? 




Above, a monarch butterfly ; below, a vice- 
roy. In color and markings, except for t he- 
black bands on the hind wings of the viceroy, 
they are similar 

Does it feed during the night as well as the 
day? 

5. If disturbed, what does the caterpil- 
lar do? When it falls down among the 
grass, how do its cross stripes protect it 
from observation? 

6. Tell all the interesting things which 
you have seen this caterpillar do. 

THE CHRYSALIS 



1. When the caterpillar gets ready to 
change to a chrysalis what does it do? How 
does it hang up? Describe how it sheds its 
skin. 

2. Describe the chrysalis. What is its 
color? How and where is it ornamented? 
Can you see, in the chrysalis, those parts 
which cover the wings of the future but- 
terfly? 

3. To what is the chrysalis attached? Is 
it in a position where it does not attract 
attention? How is it attached to the ob- 
ject? 

4. After three or four days, how does the 
chrysalis change in color? Observe, if you 
can, the butterfly come out from the chrys- 
alis, noting the following points: Where 
does the chrysalis skin open? How does 
the butterfly look when it first comes out? 



310 



ANIMALS 



How does it act for the first two or three 
hours? How does the empty chrysalis skin 
look? 

A BUTTERFLY AT SEA 

Far out at sea - the sun was high, 

While veered the wind and flapped the 

sail; 

We saw a snow- white butterfly 
Dancing before the fitful gale 
Far out at sea. 

The little wanderer, who had lost 
His way, of danger nothing inew; 

Settled a while upon the mast; 

Then fluttered o'er the waters blue 
Far out at sea. 

Above, there gleamed the boundless sky; 

Beneath, the boundless ocean sheen; 
Between them danced the butterfly, 



The spirit-life of this fair scene, 
Far out at sea. 

The tiny soul that soared away, 

Seeking the clouds on fragile wings, 
Lured by the brighter, purer ray 

Which hope's ecstatic mornino- 

brings 
Far out at sea. 

Away he sped, with shimmering glee, 
Scarce seen, now lost, yet onward borne/ 

Night comes with wind and rain, and he 
No more will dance before the morn, 
Far out at sea. 

He dies, unlike his mates, I ween, 

Perhaps not sooner or worse crossed; 
And he hath felt and known and seen 
A larger life and hope, though lost 
Far out at sea. 

- R. H. HORNE 



THE ISABELLA TIGER MOTH OR WOOLLY BEAR 



Brown and furry, 
Caterpillar in a hurry, 
Take your walk 
To the shady leaf or stalk, 
Or what not, 



Many times during autumn, the chil- 
dren find and bring in the very noticeable 
caterpillar which they call the " woolly 
bear/' It seems to them a companion of 
the road and the sunshine; it usually seems 
in a hurry, and if the children know that 
it is hastening to secure some safe place 
in which to hide during the season of cold 
and snow, they are far more interested in 
its future fate. If the caterpillar is already 
curled up for the winter, it will " come 
to " if warmed in the hand or in the sun- 
shine. 

The woolly bear is variable in appear- 
ance; sometimes five of the front segments 
are black, four of the middle reddish 
brown, and three of the hind segments 
black. In others only four front segments 
are black, six are reddish, and two are 
black at the end of the body; there are still 



Which may be the chosen spot; 

No toad spy you, 

Hovering bird of prey pass by you; 

Spin and die, 

To live again a butterfly. 

CHRISTINA ROSSETTI 

other variations, so that each individual 
will tell its own story of color. There are 
really thirteen segments in this caterpillar, 
not counting the head; but the last two 
are so joined that probably the children 
will count only twelve. There are a regular 
number of tubercles on each side of each 
segment, and from each of these arises a 
little rosette of hairs; but the tubercles 
are packed so closely together, that it is 
difficult for the children to see how many 
rosettes there are on each side. While the 
body of the caterpillar looks as if it were 
covered with evenly clipped fur, there are 
usually a few longer hairs on the rear 
segment. 

There is a pair of true legs on each of 
the three front segments which form 
the thorax, and there are four pairs of 
prolegs. All of the segments behind the 



INSECTS 



front three belong to the abdomen, and 
the prolegs are on the 3rd, 4th, Jth, and 
6th abdominal segments; the prop-leg is 
at the rear end of the body. The true legs 
of this caterpillar have little claws, and 
are as shining as if encased in patent 
leather; but the prolegs and prop-leg are 
merely prolongations of the sides of the 
body to assist the insect in holding to 
the leaf. The yellow spot on either side 
of the first segment is a spiracle; this is 
an opening leading into the air tubes 
within the body, around which the blood 
flows and is thus purified. There are no 
spiracles on the second and third seg- 
ments of the thorax, but eight of the 
abdominal segments have a spiracle on 
either side. 

The woolly bear's head is polished black; 
its antennae are two tiny, yellow projec- 
tions which can easily be seen with the 
naked eye. The eyes are too small to be 
thus seen; because of its minute eyes, the 
woolly bear cannot see very far and, there- 
fore, it is obliged to feel its way. It does 
this by stretching out the front end of 
the body and reaching in every direction, 
to observe if there is anything to cling to 
in its neighborhood. When we try to 
seize the woolly bear it rolls up in a little 
ball, and the hairs are so elastic that w r e 
take it up with great difficulty. These 





Woolly bears 



M. V. Slingerland 



hairs are a protection from the attacks of 
birds which do not like bristles for food; 
and when the caterpillar is safely rolled 
up, the bird sees only a little bundle of 
bristles and lets it alone. The woolly bear 
feeds upon many plants : grass, clover, dan- 
delion, and others. It does not eat very 
much after we find it in autumn, because 
its growth is completed. The woolly bear 
should be kept in a box which should be 
placed out of doors, so that it may be pro- 
tected from storms but have the ordinary 
winter temperature. Keeping it in a warm 
room during the winter often proves fatal. 




M. V. Slingerland 

The Isabella tiger moths, the adults of the 
woolly bear. The larger is the jemale 



M. V. Slingerland 

The cocoon oj the woolly bear 

Normally, the woolly bear does not 
make its cocoon until April or May. It 
finds some secluded spot in the fall, and 
there curls up in safety for the long win- 
ter nap; when the warm weather comes in 
the spring, it makes its cocoon by spinning 
silk about itself; in this silk are woven 
the hairs which it sheds easily at that 
time, and the whole cocoon seems made 
of felt. It seems amazing that such a large 
caterpillar can sipin about itself and 



3 12 



ANIMALS 



squeeze itself into such a small cocoon; 
and it is quite as amazing to see within the 
cocoon the smooth little pupa, in which is 
condensed all that was essential of the 
caterpillar. Sometimes when the cater- 
pillars are kept in a warm room they make 
their cocoons in the fall, but this is not 
natural. 

The issuing of the moth from the co- 
coon is an interesting lesson for the last of 
May. The size of the moth which comes 
from the cocoon seems quite miraculous 
compared with the size of the caterpillar 
that went into it. The moth is in color 
dull, grayish, tawny yellow with a few 
black dots on the wings; sometimes the 
hind wings are tinted with dull orange- 
red. On the middle of the back of the 
moth's body there is a row of six black 
dots; and on each side of the body is a 
similar row. The legs are reddish above 
and tipped with black. The antennae are 
small and inconspicuous. The moths are 
night fliers, and the mother moth seeks 
some plant that will be suitable food for 
the little caterpillar as soon as it is 
hatched; here she lays her eggs. 

SUGGESTED READING Do You Know? 
by Janet Smalley; Nature by Seaside and 
Wayside, by Mary G. Phillips and Julia 
M. Wright, Book 3, Plants and Animals; 
also, readings on page 300. 

LESSON 72 

THE ISABELLA TIGER MOTH 
OR WOOLLY BEAR 

LEADING THOUGHT When we see the 
woolly bear hurrying along in the fall, it 
is hunting for some cozy place in which to 
pass the winter. It makes its cocoon, usu- 
ally in early spring, of silk woven with its 
own hair. In late spring, it comes forth 
a yellowish moth with black dots on its 
wings. 

METHOD Have the children bring in 
woolly bears as they find them; place them 
in boxes or breeding jars which have grass 
or clover growing in them. The children 
can handle the caterpillars while they are 
studying them, and then they should be 
put back into the breeding jars and be set 



out of doors where they can have natural 
conditions; thus the entire history may 
be studied. 

THE CATERPILLAR 

OBSERVATIONS i . How can you tell 
the woolly bear from all other caterpillars? 
Are they all colored alike? How many seg- 
ments of the body are black at the front 
end? How many are red? How many seg- 
ments are black at the rear end of the 
body? How many segments does this make 
in all? 

2. Look closely at the hairs of the 
woolly bear. Are they set separately or in 
rosettes? Are any of the hairs of the body 
longer than others or are they all even? 

3. Can you see, just back of the head, 
the true legs with their little sharp claws? 
How many are there? 

4. Can you see the fleshy legs along the 
sides of the body? How many are there 
of these? 

5. Can you see the prop-leg, or the 
hindmost leg of all? Of what use to the 
caterpillar are these fleshy legs? 

6. Describe the woolly bear's head. 
How does it act when eating? 

7. Can you see a small, bright yellow 
spot on each side of the segment just 
behind the head? What do you suppose 
this is? Can you see little openings along 
each side of all the segments of the body, 
except the second and third? What are 
they? Describe how the woolly bear 
breathes. 

8. On what does the woolly bear feed? 
If you can find a little woolly bear, give 
it fresh grass to eat and see how it grows. 
Why does it shed its skin? 

9. When the woolly bear is hurrying 
along, does it lift its head and the front 
end of its body now and then? Why does 
it do this? Do you think it can see far? 

10. What does the woolly bear do 
when you try to pick it up? Do you find 
you can pick it up easily? Do you think 
that these stiff hairs protect the woolly 
bear from its enemies? What are its ene- 
mies? 

11. Where should the woolly bear be 
kept in winter to make it comfortable? 



INSECTS 



3*3 



THE COCOON 

1. When does the woolly bear usually 
make its cocoon? 

2. Of what material is it made? How 
does the woolly bear get into its cocoon? 

3. What happens to it inside the co- 
coon? 

4. Cut open a cocoon and describe how 
the woolly bear looks now. 

THE MOTH 

1. Where did the moth come from? 

2. How did it come out of the cocoon? 
See if you can find the empty pupa case 
in the cocoon. 

3. What is the color of the moth and 
how is it marked? Are the front and hind 
wings the same color? 



4. What are the markings and colors of 
the body? Of the legs? 

5. What do you think that the mother 
Isabella will do, if you give her liberty? 

The mute insect fixt upon the plant 
On whose soft leaves it hangs, and from 

whose cup 

Drains imperceptibly its nourishment. 
Endeared my wanderings. 

WORDSWORTH 

Before your sight, 

Mounts on the breeze the butterfly, and 

soars. 
Small creature as she is ? from earth's bright 

Rowers 
Into the dewy clouds. 

WORDSWORTH 



THE CECROPIA 



The silkworm which gives us the silk 
of commerce has been domesticated for 
centuries in China. Because of this do- 
mestication, it is willing to be handled 
and is reared successfully in captivity, and 
has thus come to be the source of most of 
our silken fabrics. However, we have in 
America native silkworms which produce 
a strong and lustrous silk; but the cater- 
pillars have proved difficult to rear in large 
numbers. Moreover, it would take years to 
domesticate them, and the amount of la- 
bor involved in the production of their 
silk would be so great that they are un- 
likely, for many years at least, to be of 
commercial importance. 

The names of our common native silk- 
worms are cecropia, promethea, polyphe- 
mus, and luna. In all of these species the 
moths are large and beautiful, attracting 
the attention of everyone who sees them. 
The caterpillars are rarely found, since 
their varied green colors render them in- 
conspicuous among the leaves on which 
they feed. None of the caterpillars of the 
giant silkworms occur in sufficient num- 
bers to injure the foliage of our trees to 
any extent; they simply help Nature to 



do a little needful pruning. All of the 
moths are night flyers and are, therefore, 
seldom seen except by those who are in- 




M. V. Slingerland 
The cecropia moth 

terested in the visitors to our street lights. 

The cecropia is the largest of our giant 
silkworms, the wings of the moth expand- 
ing sometimes six and one-half inches. It 
occurs from the Atlantic Coast to the 
Rocky Mountains. 

The cecropia cocoon is found most 
abundantly on our orchard and shade 
trees; it is called by the children the 



3*4 



ANIMALS 




M. V. Slingerland 

The eggs of the cecropia moth, enlarged 

"cradle cocoon/' since it is shaped like 
a hammock and hung close below a 
branch, and it is a very safe shelter for 
the helpless creature within it. It is made 
of two walls of silk, the outer one being 
thick and paper-like and the inner one 
thin and firm; between these walls is 
a matting of loose silk, showing that the 
insect knows how to make a home that 
will protect it from winter weather. It is 
a clever builder in another respect, since 
at one end of the cocoon it spins the silk 
lengthwise instead of crosswise, thus mak- 
ing a valve through which the moth can 
push, when it issues in the spring. It is 
very interesting to watch one of these 
caterpillars spin its cocoon. It first makes 
a framework by stretching a few strands 
of silk, which it spins from a gland open- 




ing in the lower lip; it then makes a loose 
network upon the supporting strands, and 
then begins laying on the silk by moving 
its head back and forth, leaving the sticky 
thread in the shape of connecting M's or 
of figure 8 7 s. Very industriously does it 
work, and after a short time it is so 
screened by the silk that the rest of its 
performance remains to us a mystery. It is 
especially mysterious, since the inner wall 
of the cocoon encloses so small a cell that 
the caterpillar is obliged to compress itself 
in order to fit within it. This achievement 
would be something like that of a man 
who should build around himself a box 




M. V. Slingerland 



The cecropia caterpillar molting 



M. V. Slingerland 

Full-grown cecropia caterpillars 

only a few inches longer, wider, and 
thicker than himself. After the cocoon is 
entirely finished, the caterpillar sheds its 
skin for the last time and changes into 
a pupa. 

Very different, indeed, does the pupa 
look from the brilliantly colored, warty 
caterpillar. It is compact, brown, oval, and 
smooth, with ability to move but very 
little when disturbed. The cases which 
contain the wings, which are later to be 
the objects of our admiration, are now 
folded down like a tight cape around the 
body; and the antennas, like great feath- 
ers, are outlined just in front of the wing 
cases. There is nothing more wonderful in 
all nature than the changes which are 
worked within one of these little, brown 
pupa cases; for within it, processes go on 
which change the creature from a crawler 
among the leaves to a winged inhabitant 
of the air. When we see how helpless this 
pupa is, we can understand better how 



INSECTS 



315 



much the strong silken cocoon is needed 
for protection from enemies, as well as 
from inclement weather. 

In spring, usually in May, after the 
leaves are well out on the trees, the pupa 
skin is shed in its turn, and out of it comes 
the wet and wrinkled moth, its wings all 
crumpled, its furry, soft body very untidy; 
but it is only because of this soft and 
crumpled state that it is able to push its 
way out through the narrow door into 
the outer world. It has, on each side of its 
body just back of the head, two little horny 
hooks that help it to work its way out. It 
is certainly a sorry object as it issues, look- 




M. V. Slingerland 

Cecropia caterpillar weaving its cocoon 

ing as if it had been dipped in water and 
had been squeezed in an inconsiderate 
hand. But the wet wings soon spread, the 
bright antennae stretch out, the furry cov- 
ering of the body becomes dry and fluffy, 
and the large moth appears in all its per- 
fection. The ground color of the wings is 
a dusky, grayish brown while the outer 
margins are clay-colored; the wings are 
crossed, beyond the middle, by a white 
band which has a broad outside margin 
of red. There is a red spot near the apex 
of the front wing, just outside of the zig- 
zag white line; each wing bears, near its 
center, a crescent-shaped white spot bor- 
dered with red. But though it is so large, it 
does not need to eat; the caterpillar did 
all the eating that was necessary for the 
whole life of the insect; the mouth of the 
moth is not sufficiently perfected to take 
food. 




L_ 



M. V. Slingerland 



A cecropia cocoon 



When the cecropia caterpillar hatches 
from the egg it is about a quarter of an 
inch long and is black; each segment is 
ornamented with six spiny tubercles. Like 
all other caterpillars, it has to grow by 
shedding its horny, skeleton skin, the soft 
skin beneath stretching to give more room 
at first, then finally hardening and being 
shed in its turn. This first molt of the 
cecropia caterpillar occurs about four days 
after it is hatched, and the caterpillar 
which issues looks quite different than 
it did before; it is now dull orange or yel- 
low with black tubercles. After six or seven 
days more of feeding, the skin is again 
shed and now the caterpillar appears with 
a yellow body; the two tubercles on the 




M. V. Slingerland 

A cecropia cocoon cut open, showing the pupa 
within it 



316 ANIMALS 

top of each segment are now larger and 
more noticeable. They are blue on the 
first segment, large and orange-red on the 
second and third segments, and greenish 
blue with blackish spots and spines on all 
the other segments except the eleventh, 
which has on top ? instead of a pair of 
tubercles, one large, yellow tubercle, 
ringed with black. The tubercles along the 
side of the insect are blue during this 
stage. The next molt occurs five or six 
days later; this time the caterpillar is blu- 




M. V. Slingerland 

Just out of the cocoon 

ish green in color, the large tubercles on 
the second and third segments being deep 
orange, and those on the upper part of the 
other segments yellow, except those on 
the first and last segments, which are blue. 
All the other tubercles along the sides are 
blue. After the fourth molt it appears as 
an enormous caterpillar, often attaining 
the length of three inches, and is as large 
through as a man's thumb; its colors are 
the same as in the preceding stage. There 
is some variation in the colors of the 
tubercles on the caterpillars during these 
different molts; in the third stage, it has 
been observed that the tubercles usually 
blue are sometimes black. After the last 
molt the caterpillar eats voraciously for 
perhaps two weeks or longer and then be- 
gins to spin its cocoon. 
SUGGESTED READING Butterfly and 



Moth Book, by Ellen Robertson-Miller; 
Caterpillars and Their Moths, by Ida M. 
Eliot and Caroline G. Soule; Nature 
by Seaside and Wayside, by Mary G. Phil- 
lips and Julia M. Wright, Book 3, Plants 
and Animals; Nature and Science Readers, 
by Edith M. Patch and Harrison E. Howe, 
Book i, Hunting; Scientific Living Series, 
Winter Comes and Goes, by George W. 
Frasier, Helen Dolman, and Kathryne 
Van Noy; also, readings on page 300. 

LESSON 73 
THE CECROPIA 

LEADING THOUGHT The cecropia 
moth passes the winter as a pupa in a co- 
coon which the caterpillar builds out of 
silk for the purpose. In the spring the 
moth issues and lays her eggs on some tree, 
the leaves of which the caterpillar relishes. 
The full-grown caterpillars are large and 
green with beautiful blue and orange tu- 
bercles. 

METHOD It is best to begin with the 
cocoons, for these are easily found after 
the leaves have fallen. These cocoons, if 
kept in the schoolroom, should be thor- 
oughly wet at least once a week. How- 
ever, it is better to keep them in a box out 
of doors where they can have the advan- 
tage of natural moisture and temperature; 
and from those that are kept outside the 
moths will not issue until the leaves open 
upon the trees and provide food for the 
young caterpillars to eat when the eggs 
hatch. 

THE COCOON 

OBSERVATIONS i. How does the co- 
coon look on the outside? What is its 
general shape? To what is it fastened? Is 
it fastened to the lower or the upper side 
of a twig? Are there any dried leaves at- 
tached to it? 

2. Where do you find cecropia co- 
coons? How do they look on the tree? 
Are they conspicuous? 

3. Cut open the cocoon, being careful 
not to hurt the inmate. Can you see that 
it has an outer wall which is firm? What 
lies next to this? Describe the wall next to 
the pupa. How does this structure pro- 



INSECTS 

tect the pupa from changes of tempera- 
ture and dampness? 

4. Is the outside covering easy to tear? 
What birds have been known to tear this 
cocoon apart? 

5. Are both ends of the cocoon alike? 
Do you find one end where the silk is not 
woven across but is placed lengthwise? 
Why is this so? Do you think that the 
moth can push out at this end better than 
at the other? 



THE PUPA 

1. Take a pupa out of a cocoon care- 
fully and place it on cotton in a wide- 
mouthed fruit jar where it may be ob- 
served. Can the pupa move at all? Is it 
unable to defend itself? Why does it not 
need to defend itself? 

2. Can you see in the pupa the parts 
that will be the antennas and the mouth? 

3. Describe how the wing coverings 
look. Count the rings in the abdomen. 

4. Why does the pupa need to be pro- 
tected by a cocoon? 

THE MOTH 

1. What is the first sign that the moth 
is coming out of the cocoon? Can you 
hear the little scratching noise? What do 
you suppose makes it? How does the moth 
look when it first comes out? If it were 
not all soft and wet ? how could it come 
out from so small an opening? 

2. Describe how the crumpled wings 



317 

spread out and dry. How does the cover- 
ing of the wings change in appearance? 

3. Make a \vater-color drawing or de- 
scribe in detail the fully expanded moth, 
showing the color and markings of wings, 
body, and antennae. 

4. Do the moths eat anything? 

5. If one of the moths lays eggs, de- 
scribe the eggs, noting color, size, and the 
way they are placed. 

THE CATERPILLAR 

1. On what do you find the cecropia 
caterpillar feeding? Describe its actions 
while feeding. 

2. What is the color of the caterpillar? 
Describe how it is ornamented. 

3. Can you see the breathing pores, or 
spiracles, along the sides of the body? 
How many of these on each segment? 
How do they help the caterpillar to 
breathe? 

4. Describe the three pairs of true legs 
on the three segments just back of the 
head. Do these differ in form from the 
prolegs along the sides of the body? What 
is the special use of the prolegs? Describe 
the prop-leg, which is the hindmost leg of 
all. 

5. Do you know how many times the 
cecropia caterpillar sheds its skin while it 
is growing? Is it always the same color? 

6. Watch the caterpillar spin its co- 
coon; describe how it begins and how it 
acts as long as you can see it. Where does 
the silk come from? 



THE PROMETHEA 



The promethea is not so large as the 
cecropia, although the female resembles 
the latter somewhat. It is the most com- 
mon of all our giant silkworms. Its cater- 
pillars feed upon wild cherry, lilac, ash, 
sassafras, buttonwood, and many other 
trees. 

During the winter, leaves may often 
be seen hanging straight down from the 
branches of wild cherry, lilac, and ash. If 
these leaves are examined, they will be 



found to be wrapped around a silken case 
containing the pupa of the promethea. 
It is certainly a canny insect which hides 
itself during the winter in so good a dis- 
guise that only the very wisest of birds 
ever suspect its presence. When the pro- 
methea caterpillar begins to spin, it selects 
a leaf and covers the upper side with silk, 
then it covers the petiole with silk, fas- 
tening it with a strong band to the twig, 
so that not even most violent winter winds 



ANIMALS 




The female promethea 

will be able to tear it off. Then it draws the 
two edges of the leaf about itself like a 
cloak as far as it will reach, and inside this 
folded leaf it makes its cocoon, which al- 
ways has an opening in the shape of a 
conical valve at the upper end, through 
which the moth may emerge in the spring. 
This caterpillar knows more botany than 
some people do ? for it makes no mistake 
in distinguishing a compound leaf from 
a simple one. When it uses a leaflet of 
hickory for its cocoon, it fastens the leaf- 
let to the mid stem of the leaf and then 
fastens the stem to the twig. The male 
pupa is much more slender than that of 
the female. The moths do not issue until 
May or June. 

The moth works its way out through 
the valve at the top of the cocoon. The 
female is a large, reddish brown moth 
with markings resembling somewhat 
those of the cecropia. The male is very 
different in appearance; its front wings 
have very graceful, prolonged tips, and 
both wings are almost black, bordered 
with ash color. The promethea moths dif- 
fer somewhat in habit from the other 
silkworms, in that they fly during the late 
afternoon as well as at night. The eggs 
are whitish with brown stain, and are laid 
in rows, a good many on the same leaf. 

The caterpillars, as they hatch from 
the eggs, have bodies ringed with black 
and yellow. They are sociable little fellows 
and live together side by side amicably, 
not exactly " toeing the mark " like a spell- 
ing class, but all heads in a row at the 
edge of the leaf where each is eating as 



fast as possible. When they are small, the 
caterpillars remain on the underside of 
the leaves out of sight. In about five days, 
the first skin is shed and the color of the 
caterpillar remains about the same. Four 
or five days later the second molt occurs, 
and then the caterpillar appears in a beau- 
tiful bluish green costume, with black 
tubercles, except four large ones on the 
second and third segments, and one large 
one on the eleventh segment, which are 
yellow. This caterpillar has an interesting 
habit of weaving a carpet of silk on which 
to change its skin; it seems to be better 
able to hold on while pushing off the old 
skin, if it has the silken rug to cling to. 
After the third molt, the color is a deeper 
greenish blue and the black tubercles are 
smaller, and the five big ones are larger 
and bright orange in color. After the 
fourth molt, which occurs after a period 
of about five or six days, the caterpillar 
appears in its last stage. It is now over two 
inches long, quite smooth and most pros- 
perous looking. Its color is a beautiful, 
light, greenish blue, and its head is yellow. 
It has six rows of short, round, black tuber- 
cles. The four large tubercles at the front 
end of the body are red, and the large 
tubercle on the rear end of the body is 
yellow. 




M. V. Slingerland 

Promethea cocoons; the one on the left 
has been cut away to show the pupa. Note 
how the leaves are fastened by silk to the 
twigs 



INSECTS 



THE CYNTHIA 



The cynthia is a beautiful moth which 
has come to us from Asia; it is very large 
with a ground color of olive green, with 
lavender tints and white markings; there 
are white tufts of hairs on the abdomen. 
It builds its cocoon like the promethea, 
fastening the petiole to the twig; there- 
fore the lesson indicated for the prome- 
thea will serve as well for the cynthia. 
The cynthia caterpillars live upon the 
ailanthus tree and are found only in the 
regions where this tree has been intro- 
duced. 

SUGGESTED READING Butterfly and 
Moth Boole, by Ellen Robertson-Miller; 
Caterpillars and Their Moths, by Ida M. 
Eliot and Caroline G. Soule; also, read- 
ings on page 300. 

LESSON 74 
THE PROMETHEA 

LEADING THOUGHT The promethea 
caterpillar fastens a leaf to a twig with silk 
and then makes its cocoon within this 
leaf. The male and female moths are very 
different in appearance. 

METHOD This work should begin in 
the late fall, when the children bring in 
these cocoons which they find dangling 
on the lilac bushes or wild cherry trees. 
Much attention should be paid to the 
way the leaf is fastened to the twig so it 
will not fall. The cocoons should be kept 
out of doors, so that the moths will issue 





M. V. Slingerland 

Promethea caterpillars 



A polyphemus moth and cocoon. This is a 
yellowish or brownish moth with a window- 
like spot in each wing 

late in the spring when they can have 
natural conditions for laying their eggs, 
and the young caterpillars will be supplied 
with plenty of food consisting of new and 
tender leaves. 

THE COCOON 

OBSERVATIONS i . On what tree did 
you find it? Does it look like a cocoon? 
Does it not look like a dried leaf still cling- 
ing to the tree? Do you think that this 
disguise keeps the birds from attacking it? 
Do you know which birds are clever 
enough to see through this disguise? 

2. How is the leaf fastened to the twig? 
Could you pull it off readily? What fas- 
tened the leaf to the twig? 

3. Tear off the leaf and study the co- 
coon. Is there an opening to it? At which 
end? What is this for? 

4. Cut open a cocoon. Is it as thick as 
that of the cecropia? 

5. Study the pupa. Is it as large as that 
of the cecropia? 

6. Can you see where the antennae of 
the moth are? Can you see the wing cov- 
ers? Can the pupa move? 

THE MOTH 

1. Are there two kinds of moths that 
come from the promethea cocoons? Does 
one of them look something like the ce- 
cropia? This is the mother promethea, 

2. Are any of the moths almost black in 
color with wings bordered with gray and 



ANIMALS 



with graceful prolonged tips to the front 
wings? This is the father moth. 

3. Make water-color drawings of pro- 
methea moths, male and female. 

4. If the promethea mother lays eggs, 
describe them. 

THE CATERPILLAR 

1. How do the promethea caterpillars 
look when they first hatch from the eggs? 
Do they stay together when they are very 
young? How do they act? Where do they 
hide? 

2. How do they change color as they 



grow older? Do they remain together or 
scatter? Do they continue to hide on the 
lower sides of leaves? 

3. What preparation does a promethea 
caterpillar make before changing its skin? 
Why does it shed its skin? Does the color 
of the caterpillar change with every change 
of skin? 

4. Describe the caterpillar when it is 
full grown. What is its ground color? 
What are the colors of its ornamental 
tubercles? The color of its head? 

5. Describe how a promethea caterpil- 
lar makes its cocoon. 



THE HUMMINGBIRD OR SPHINX MOTHS 




M. V. Slingerland 

The moth of the sphinx caterpillar which 
feeds on tomato plants 

If during the early evening, when all 
the swift hummingbirds are abed, we hear 
the whirr of rapidly moving wings and 
detect the blur of them in the twilight, 
as if the creature carried by them hung 
entranced before some deep-throated 
flower, and then whizzed away like a bul- 
let, we know that it is a hummingbird or 
sphinx moth. And when we see a cater- 
pillar with a horn on the wrong end of 
the body, a caterpillar which, when dis- 
turbed, rears threateningly, then we may 
know it is the sphinx larva. And when we 
find a strange, brown, segmented shell, 
with a long jug handle at one side, buried 
in the earth as we spade up the garden in 
the spring, then we know we have the 
sphinx pupa. 

The sphinx was a vaudeville person of 
ancient mythology, who went about bor- 



ing people by asking them riddles, and, if 
they could not give the right answers, very 
promptly ate them up. Although Linnaeus 
gave the name of sphinx to these moths, 
because he fancied he saw a resemblance 
in the resting or threatening attitude of 
the larvas to the Egyptian Sphinx, there 
are still other resemblances. These insects 
present three riddles: The first one is, 
" Am I a hummingbird? " the second, 
" Why do I wear a horn or an eyespot on 
the rear end of my body where horns and 
eyes are surely useless? " and the third, 
" Why do I look like a jug with a handle 
and no spout? " 

The sphinx moths are beautiful and 




Sphinx larva in sphinx attitude 



INSECTS 

elegant creatures. They have a distinctly 
tailor-made appearance, their colors are so 
genteel and " the cut " so perfect. They 
have long, rather narrow, strong wings 
which enable them to fly with extraordi- 
nary rapidity. The hind wings are shorter, 
but act as one with the front wings. The 
body is stout and spindle-shaped. The 
antennae are thickened in the middle or 
toward the tip, and in many species have 
the tip recurved into a hook. Their colors 
show most harmonious combinations and 
most exquisite contrasts; the pattern, al- 
though often complex, shows perfect re- 
finement. Olive, tan, brown and ochre, 
black and yellow, and the whole gamut of 
grays, with eyespots or bands athwart the 
hind wings of rose color or crimson, are 
some of the sphinx color schemes. 

Most of the sphinx moths have re- 
markably long tongues, which are some- 
times twice the length of the body. "When 
not in use, the tongue is curled like a 
watch spring in front of and beneath the 
head; but of what possible use is such a 
long tongue? That is a story for certain 
flowers to tell, the flowers which have the 
nectar-wells far down at the base of tubu- 
lar corollas, like the petunia, the morn- 




321 

ing glory, or the nasturtium. Some of 
these flowers, like jimson weed and flow- 
ering tobacco, open late in the day when 
these evening visitors are flying about. 
In some cases, especially among the or- 




The pupa of the common tomato sphinx 
caterpillar. Note that the part encasing the 
long tongue is free and looks like the handle 
of a jug 



M. V. Slingerland 

The tobacco sphinx moth with tongue ex- 
tended 



chids, there is a special partnership es- 
tablished between one species of flower 
and one species of sphinx moth. The to- 
bacco sphinx is an instance of such part- 
nership; this moth visits tobacco flowers 
and helps develop the seeds by carrying 
pollen from flower to flower; and in turn 
it lays its eggs upon the leaves of this 
plant, on which its great caterpillar feeds 
and waxes fat, and in high dudgeon often 
disputes the smoker's sole right to the 
" weed/' Tobacco probably receives 
enough benefit from the ministrations of 
the moth to compensate for the injury it 
suffers from the caterpillars; but the owner 
of the tobacco field, not being a plant, 
does not look at it in this equitable 
manner. 

The sphinx caterpillars are leaf-eaters, 
and each species feeds upon a limited 
number of plants which are usually re- 
lated; for instance, one feeds upon both 
the potato and tomato; another upon the 
Virginia creeper and grapes. In color these 
caterpillars so resemble the leaves that 
they are discovered with difficulty. Those 
on the Virginia creeper, which shades 
porches, may be located by the black pel- 
lets of waste material which fall from 
them to the ground; but even after this 
unmistakable hint I have searched a long 
time to find the caterpillar in the leaves 
above; its color serves to hide the insect 
from birds which feed upon it eagerly. In 
some species, the caterpillars are orna- 
mented with oblique stripes along the 
sides, and in others the stripes are length- 




ANIMALS 



Dept. of Entomology, Cornell U. 

Adults of the Myron sphinx 

wise. There is often a great variation in 
color between the caterpillars of the same 
species; the tomato worm is sometimes 
green and sometimes black. 

In the young larva the horn on the 
rear end is often of different color from 
the body; in some species it stands straight 
up and in some it is curled toward the 
back. It is an absolutely harmless projec- 
tion and does not sting nor is it poisonous. 
However, it looks awe-inspiring and per- 
haps protects its owner in that way. The 
Pandora sphinx has its horn curled over its 
back in the young stage but when fully 
grown the horn is shed; in its place is an 
eyespot which, if seen between the leaves, 
is enough to frighten away any cautious 
bird fearing the evil eye of serpents. The 
sphinx caterpillars have a habit, when dis- 
turbed or when resting, of rearing up the 
front part of the body, telescoping the 
head back into the thoracic segments, 
which in most species are enlarged, and 
assuming a most threatening and fero- 
cious aspect. If attacked they will swing 



sidewise, this way and then that, making 
a fierce crackling sound meanwhile, well 
calculated to fill the trespasser with terror. 
When resting they often remain in 
this lifted attitude for hours, absolutely 
rigid. 

The six true legs are short with sharp 
little claws. There are four pairs of fleshy 
prolegs, each foot being armed with hooks 
for holding on to leaf or twig; and the 
large, fleshy prop-leg on the rear segment 
is able to clasp a twig like a vise. All these 
fleshy legs are used for holding on, while 
the true legs are used for holding the 
edges of the leaf where the sidewise work- 
ing jaws can cut it freely. These caterpil- 
lars do clean work, leaving only the harder 
and more woody ribs of the leaves. The 
Myron caterpillar seems to go out of its 
way to cut off the stems of both the grape 
and Virginia creeper. 

There are nine pairs of spiracles, a pair 
on each segment of the abdomen and on 
the first thoracic segment. The edges of 
these air openings are often strikingly col- 
ored. Through the spiracles the air is ai 
mitted into all the breathing tubes of the 
body around which the blood flows and 
is purified; no insect breathes through its 
mouth. These caterpillars, like all others, 
grow by shedding the skeleton skin, which 
splits down the back. 

Often one of these caterpillars is seen 
covered with white objects which the un- 
informed, who do not know that caterpil- 
lars never lay eggs, have called eggs. But 
the sphinx moths at any stage would have 
horror of such eggs as these! They are not 



"I 




M. V. Slingerland 

Eggs of the Myron sphinx 

eggs but are little silken cocoons spun by 
the larva? of a hymenopterous parasite. 
It is a tiny four-winged " fly " which lays 



INSECTS 



its eggs within the caterpillar. The little 
grubs which hatch from these eggs feed 
upon the fleshy portions of the caterpillar 
until they get their growth, at which time 
the poor caterpillar is almost exhausted; 
and then they have the impudence to 
come out and spin their silken cocoons 
and fasten them to the back of their vic- 
tim. Later, they cut a little lid to their 
silken cells which they lift up as they come 
out into the world to search for more 
caterpillars. 

As soon as the sphinx larva has obtained 
its growth, it descends and burrows into 
the earth. It does not spin any cocoon 
but packs the soil into a smooth-walled 
cell in which it changes to a pupa. In the 
spring the pupa works its way to the sur- 
face of the ground and the moth issues. 
In the case of the tomato and tobacco 
sphinx pupa, the enormously long tongue 
has its case separate from the body of the 
pupa, which makes the " jug handle." The 
wing cases and the antennas cases can be 
distinctly seen. In other species the pupas 
have the tongue case fast to the body. The 
larva of the Myron sphinx does not enter 
the ground, but draws a few leaves about 
it on the surface of the ground, fastens 
them with silk, and there changes to a 
pupa. 

SUGGESTED READING Butterfly and 
Moth Book, by Ellen Robertson-Miller; 
Caterpillars and Their Moths, by Ida M. 
Eliot and Caroline G. Soule; Holiday Hill, 
by Edith M. Patch; Interesting Neigh- 
bors, by Oliver P. Jenkins; Nature by 
Seaside and Wayside, by Mary G. Phil- 
lips and Julia M. Wright, Book 3, Plants 
and Animals; also, readings on page 300. 





M. V. Slingerland 

A "cake walk" Caterpillars of the Myron 
sphinx in an attitude of defense 



M. V. Slingerland 

Pupce of the Myron sphinx within the co- 
coons 

LESSON 75 
THE HUMMINGBIRD OR SPHINX MOTHS 

LEADING THOUGHT The sphinx cater- 
pillars have a slender horn or eyespot on 
the last segment of the body. When dis- 
turbed or when resting they rear the front 
part of the body in a threatening attitude. 
They spin no cocoons but change to pupas 
in the ground. The adults are called hum- 
mingbird moths, because of their swift 
and purring flight. The sphinx moths 
carry pollen for many flowers. 

METHOD The sphinx caterpillar found 
on the potato or tobacco, or one of the 
species feeding upon the Virginia creeper, 
is in autumn available in almost any lo- 
cality for this lesson. The caterpillars 
should be placed in a breeding cage in the 
schoolroom. Fresh food should be given 
them every day and moist earth be placed 
in the bottom of the cages. It is useless for 
the amateur to try 1 to rear the adults from 
the pupas in breeding cages. The moths 
may be caught in nets during the evening 
when they are hovering over the petunia 
beds. These may be placed on leaves in a 
tumbler or jar for observation. 




ANIMALS 



M. V. Slingerland 

A Myron caterpillar that has been para- 
sitized. The white objects upon it are the 
cocoons of the little grubs which feed upon 
the fatty parts of the caterpillar 



THE CATERPILLAR 

OBSERVATIONS i . On what plant is it 
feeding? What is its general color? Is it 
striped? What colors in the stripes? Are 
they oblique or lengthwise stripes? Are 
all the caterpillars the same color? 

2. Can you find the caterpillar easily 
when feeding? Why is it not conspicuous 
when on the plant? Of what use is this 
to the caterpillar? 

3. Note the horn on the end of the 
caterpillar. Is it straight or curled? Is it 
on the head end? What color is it? Do 
you think it is of any use to the caterpil- 
lar? Do you think it is a sting? If there is 
no horn, is there an eyespot on the last 
segment? What color is it? Can you think 
of any way in which this eyespot protects 
the caterpillar? 

4. Which segments of the caterpillar 
are the largest? When the creature is dis- 
turbed what position does it assume? 
How does it move? What noise does it 
make? Do you think this attitude scares 
away enemies? What position does it as- 
sume when resting? Do you think that 
it resembles the Egyptian Sphinx when 
resting? 

5. How many true legs has this cater- 
pillar? How does it use them when feed- 
ing? How many prolegs has it? How are 
these fleshy legs used? How are they armed 
to hold fast to the leaf or twig? Describe 
the hind or prop-leg. How is it used? 

6. Do you see the breathing pores or 



spiracles along the sides of the body? How 
many are there? How are they colored? 
How does the caterpillar breathe? Do vou 
think it can breathe through its mouth? 

7. How does the sphinx caterpillar 
grow? Watch your caterpillar and see it 
shed its skin. Where does the old skin 
break open? How does the new, soft skin 
look? Do the young caterpillars resemble 
the full-grown ones? 

8. Describe how the caterpillar eats. 
Can you see the jaws move? Does it eat 
up the plant clean as it goes? 

9. Have you ever found the sphinx 
caterpillar covered with whitish, oval ob- 
jects? What are these? Does the cater- 
pillar look plump or emaciated? Explain 
what these objects are and how they came 
to be there. 

10. Where does the caterpillar go to 
change to a pupa? Does it make cocoons? 
How does the pupa look? Can you see 
the long tongue case, the wing cases, the 
antennas cases? 

THE MOTH 

i. Where did you find this moth? Was 
it flying by daylight or in the dusk? How 
did its rapidly moving wings sound? Was 
it visiting flowers? What flowers? Where 
is the nectar in these flowers? 




The white-lined sphinx moth 



INSECTS 



325 



2. What is the shape of the moth's 
body? Is it stout or slender? What colors 
has it? How is it marked? 

3. The wings of which pair are longer? 
Sketch or describe the form of the front 
and the hind wings. Are the outer edges 
scalloped, notched, or even? What colors 
are on the front wing? On the hind one? 
Are these colors harmonious and beauti- 
ful? Make a sketch of the moth in water 
color. 

4. What is the shape of the antennae? 
Describe the eyes. Can you see the coiled 
tongue? Uncoil it with a pin and note 
how long it is. Why does this moth need 
such a long tongue? 



5. From what flowers do the sphinx 
moths get nectar? How does the moth 
support itself when probing for nectar? 
Do you know any flowers which are de- 
pendent on the sphinx moths for carry- 
ing their pollen? How many kinds of 
sphinx moths do you know? 

Hurt no living thing: 
Ladybird, nor butterfly, 
Nor moth with dusty wing, 
Nor cricket chirping cheerily, 
Nor grasshopper so light of leap, 
Nor dancing gnat, nor beetle fat, 
Nor harmless worms that creep. 

CHRISTINA ROSSETTI 



THE CODLING MOTH 



It is difficult to decide which seems the 
more disturbed, the person who bites into 
an apple and uncovers a worm, or the 
worm which is uncovered. From our 
standpoint, there is nothing attractive 
about the worm which destroys the beauty 
and appetizing qualities of our fruit, but 
from the insect standpoint the codling 
caterpillar (which is not a worm at all) is 
not at all bad. When full grown, it is 
about three-fourths of an inch long, and 
is likely to be flesh color, or even rose 
color, with brownish head; as a young 
larva, it has a number of darker rose spots 
on each segment and is whitish in color; 
the shield on the first segment behind the 
head, and that on the last segment of the 
body, are black. When full grown, the ap- 
ple worm is plump and lively; and while 
it is jerking angrily at being disturbed, we 
can see its true legs, one pair to each of 
the three segments of the body behind the 
head. These true legs have sharp, single 
claws. Behind these the third, fourth, 
fifth, and sixth segments of the abdomen 
are each furnished with a pair of fleshy 
prolegs and the hind segment has a 
prop-leg. These fleshy legs are mere make- 
shifts on the part of the caterpillar for car- 
rying the long body, since the three pairs 
of front legs are the ones from which de- 
velop the legs of the moth. The noticing 



of the legs of the codling moth is an im- 
portant observation on the part of the pu- 
pils, since, by their presence, this insect 
may be distinguished from the young of 
the plum curculio, which is also found in 
apples but which is legless. The codling 
moth has twelve segments in the body, 
back of the head. 

The codling larva usually enters the 
apple at the blossom end and tunnels 
down by the side of the core until it 
reaches the middle, before making its way 
out into the pulp. The larva weaves a web 




M. V. Slingerland 

The adult of the codling moth, showing the 
variations of its markings. The two larger 
ones are about three times natural size 




ANIMALS 



M. V. Slingerland 



A wormy apple 

as it goes ? but this is probably incidental, 
since many caterpillars spin silk as they 
go, " street yarn " our grandmothers 
might have called it. In this web are en- 
tangled the pellets of indigestible matter, 
making a very unsavory looking mass. The 
place of exit is usually circular, large 
enough to accommodate the body of the 
larva, and it leads out from a tunnel which 
may be a half inch or more in diameter 
beneath the rind. Often the larva makes 
the door some time before it is ready to 
leave the apple, and plugs it with a mass 
of debris, fastened together with the silk. 
As it leaves the apple, the remnants of this 
plug may be seen streaming out of the 
opening. Often also, there is a mass of 
waste pellets pushed out by the young 
larva from its burrow, as it enters the ap- 
ple; thus it injures the appearance of the 
apple at both entrance and exit. If the 
apple has not received infection by lying 
next to another rotting apple, it first be- 
gins to rot around the burrow of the worm, 
especially near the place of exit. 

The codling caterpillar injures the fruit 
in the following ways: The apples are 
likely to be stunted and fall early; the ap- 
ples rot about the injured places and thus 
cannot be stored successfully; the apples 
thus injured look unattractive, and there- 
fore their market value is lessened; wormy 
apples, packed in barrels with others, rot 
and contaminate all the neighboring ap- 



ples. This insect also attacks pears and 
sometimes peaches. 

The larvas usually leave the apples be- 
fore winter. If the apples have fallen, they 
crawl up the tree and there make their 
cocoons beneath the loose bark; but if 
they leave the apples while they are on the 
trees, they spin silk and swing down. If 
carried into the storeroom or placed in 
barrels, they seek quarters in protected 
crevices. In fact, while they particularly 
like the loose bark of the apple trees, they 
are likely to build their cocoons on nearby 
fences or on brush, wherever they can find 
the needed protection. The cocoon is 
made of fine but rather rough silk which 
is spun from a gland opening near the 
mouth of the caterpillar; the cocoon is not 
beautiful, although it is smooth inside. It 
is usually spun between a loose bit of bark 
and the body of the tree; but after making 
it, the insect seems in no hurry to change 
its condition and remains a quite lively 
caterpillar until spring. It is while the cod- 
ling lame are in their winter quarters that 
our bird friends of the winter, the nut- 
hatches, woodpeckers, and chickadees, de- 
stroy them in great numbers, hunting 
eagerly for them in every crevice of the 
trees. It is therefore good policy for us to 




M. V. Slingerland 

Larva of the codling moth, greatly enlarged 



INSECTS 



327 



coax these birds to our orchards by plac- 
ing beef fat on the branches and thus 
entice these little caterpillar hunters to 
visit the trees every day. 

It is an interesting fact that the codling 
caterpillars, which make cocoons before 
August first, change immediately to pupae 
which soon change to moths ? and thus 
another generation gets in its work before 
the apples are harvested. 

The codling moth is a beautiful little 
creature with delicate antennae and a 
brown, mottled and banded body; its 
wings are graced by wavy bands of ashy 
and brown lines, and the tips of the front 
wings are dark brown with a pattern of 
gold bronze wrought into them; the hind 
wings are shiny brown with darker edges 
and little fringes. The moths which have 
wintered in cocoons issue in the spring 
and lay their eggs on the young apples just 
after the petals fall. The egg looks like a 
minute drop of dried milk and is laid on 
the side of the bud; but the little larva, 
soon after it is hatched, crawls to the blos- 
som and finds entrance there; and it is 
therefore important that its first lunch 
should include a bit of arsenic and thus 





M. V. Slingerland 

The pupce and cocoons oj codling moths 



M. V. Slingerland 

Just ready to spray. A pear and two apples 
with the petals recently fallen and with the 
calyx lobes widely spread 

end its career before it fairly begins. The 
trees should be sprayed with some stom- 
ach poison directly after the petals fall, 
and before the five lobes of the calyx close 
up around the stamens. If the trees are 
sprayed while blossoming, the pollen is 
washed away and the apples do not set; 
moreover, the bees which help us much in 
carrying pollen are killed. If the trees are 
sprayed directly after the calyx closes up 
around the stamens the poison does not 
lodge at the base of the stamens and the 
little rascals get into the apples without 
getting a dose. (See the lesson on the 
apple.) 

SUGGESTED READING Insect Pests of 
Farm, Garden and Orchard, by E. D. San- 
derson and L. M. Peaks; Manual of Inju- 
rious Insects, by Glenn W. Herrick; also, 
readings on page 300. 

LESSON 76 
THE CODLING MOTH 
LEADING THOUGHT The codling moth 
is a tiny brown moth with bronze mark- 
ings, which lays its egg on the apple. The 
larva hatching from the egg enters the 
blossom end and feeds upon the pulp of 
the apple, injuring it greatly. After attain- 
ing its growth it leaves the apple and hides 
beneath the bark of the tree or in some 
other protected place, and in the spring 




ANIMALS 



M. V. Slingerland 

Almost too late to spray. The apple on the 
left has the calyx lobes nearly drawn to- 
gether. The pear on the right still has the 
calyx cavity open 

makes the cocoon from which the moth 
issues in time to lay eggs upon the young 
apples. 

METHOD The lesson should begin 
with a study of wormy apples, preferably 
in the fall when the worms are still within 
their burrows. After the pupils become 
familiar with the appearance of the insect 
and its methods of work, a prize of some 
sort might be offered for the one who will 
bring to school the greatest number of 
hibernating larvae found in their winter 
quarters. Place these larvas in a box with 
cheesecloth tacked over its open side; 
place this box out of doors in a protected 
position. Examine the cocoons to find the 
pupae about the last of April; after the 
pupae appear, look for the moths in about 
five days. 

It would be a very good idea for the pu- 
pils to prepare a Riker mount showing 
specimens of the moths, of the cocoons 
showing the cast pupa skin, and of the 
caterpillar in a homeopathic vial of alco- 
hol; pictures illustrating the work of the 



insect may be added. The pictures should 
be drawn by the pupils, showing the 
wormy apple, both the outside and in sec- 
tion. The pupils can also sketch, from the 
pictures here given, the young apple when 
just in the right condition to spray, with 
a note explaining why. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Find an apple with 
a codling moth larva in it. How large is 
the worm? How does it act when dis- 
turbed? 

2. What is the color of the caterpillar's 
body? Its head? 

3. How many segments are there in the 
body? How many of these bear legs? 
What is the difference in form between 
the three front pairs of legs and the 
others? 

4. Look at a wormy apple. How can you 
tell it is wormy from the outside? Can you 
see where the worm entered the apple? 
Was the burrow large or small at first? 
Can you find an apple with a worm in it 
which has the door for exit made, but 
closed with waste matter? How is this 
matter fastened together? If the apple has 
no worm in it, can you see where it left 
the apple? Make a sketch or describe the 
evidence of the caterpillar's progress 
through the apple. Do you find a web of 
silk in the wormy part? Why is this? Does 
the worm eat the seeds as well as the pulp 
of the apple? 

5. Take a dozen rotting apples; how 
many of them are wormy? Do the parts of 
the apple injured by the worm begin to 
rot first? In how many ways does the cod- 
ling moth injure the apple? Does it injure 
other fruits than apples? 

6. How late in the fall do you find the 
codling larvae in the apple? Where 
do these larvae go when they leave the 
apple? 

Work to be done in March or early 
April Visit an orchard and look under 
the loose bark on old trees, or along pro- 
tected sections of fences or brush piles, 
and bring in all the cocoons you can find. 
Do not injure the cocoons by tearing them 
from the places where they are woven, 
but bring them in on bits of the bark or 
other material to which they are attached. 



INSECTS 



1. How does the cocoon look outside 
and inside? What is in the cocoon? Why 
was the cocoon made? When w^as it 
made? 

2. Place the cocoons in a box covered 
with cheesecloth and place the box out 
of doors where the contents can be fre- 
quently observed and make the following 
notes: 

(a) When does the larva change to 
the pupa? Describe the pupa. How does 
the cocoon look after the moth issues 
from it? 

(b) Describe the moth, noting color 
of head, thorax, body, and front and hind 
wings. 



3. If these moths were free to fly 
around the orchard, when and where 
would they lay their eggs? 

4. When should the trees be sprayed 
to kill the young codling moth? With 
what should they be sprayed? Why 
should they not be sprayed during the 
blossoming period? Why not after the 
calyx closes? 

5. How do the nuthatches, downy 
woodpeckers, and chickadees help us get 
rid of the codling moth? 

6. Write an essay on the life history 
of the codling moth, the damage done 
by it, and the best methods of keeping 
it in check. 



LEAF-MINERS 

And there's never a leaf nor a blade too mean 
To be some happy creature's palace. 



LOWELL 



May not Lowell have had in mind, 
when he wrote these lines, the canny 
little creatures which find sustenance for 
their complete growth between the upper 
and lower surfaces of a leaf which seems 
to us as thin as a sheet of paper? To most 
children, it seems quite incredible that 
there is anything between the upper and 
lower surfaces of a leaf, and this lesson 
should hinge on the fact that in every 
leaf, however thin, there are rows of cells 
containing the living substance of the leaf, 
with a wall above and a wall below to 
protect them. Some of the smaller in- 
sects have discovered this hidden treasure, 
which they mine while safely protected 
from sight, and thus make strange figures 
upon the leaves. 

Among the most familiar of these are 
the serpentine mines, so called because 
the figure formed by the eating out of the 
green pulp of the leaf curves like a ser- 
pent. Some serpentine mines are made by 
the caterpillars of certain tiny moths, 
which have long fringes upon the hind 
wings. The life story of such a moth is as 
follows: The little moth, whose expanded 



wings measure scarcely a quarter of an 
inch across, lays an egg on the leaf; from 
this, there hatches a tiny caterpillar that 
soon eats its way into the midst of the leaf. 
In shape, the caterpillar is somewhat 
" square built," being rather stocky and 
wide for its length; it feeds upon the juicy 
tissues of the leaf and divides, as it goes, 
the upper from the lower surface of the 
leaf; and it teaches us, if we choose to look, 
that these outer walls of the leaf are thin, 
colorless, and paper-like. We can trace the 

1 




Grace H. Griswold 

Serpentine mines in a columbine leaf 



330 



ANIMALS 




,L&gt; ' ,. '. . .: J 

Grace H. Griswold 

A verbena leaf, showing mines that are mere 
blotches 

whole life history and wanderings of the 
little creature, from the time when, as 
small as a pinpoint, it began to feed, un- 
til it attained its full growth. As it in- 
creased in size, its appetite grew larger 
also, and these two forces working to- 
gether naturally enlarged its house. When 
finally the little miner got its growth, it 
made a rather larger and more com- 
modious room at the end of its mine, 
which to us looks like the head of the ser- 
pent; here it changed to a pupa, perhaps 
after nibbling a hole with its sharp little 
jaws, so that when it changed to a soft, 
fluffy little moth with mouth unfitted for 
biting, it was able to escape. In some spe- 
cies, the caterpillar comes out of the mine 
and goes into the ground to change to a 
pupa. By holding up to the light a leaf 
thus mined, we can see why this little 
chap was never obliged to clean house; it 
mined out a new room every day, and left 
the sweepings in the abandoned mine be- 
hind. Mines of this sort are often seen on 
the leaves of the nasturtium, the smooth 



pigweed, the columbine, and many other 
plants. There are mines of many shapes, 
each form being made by a different spe- 
cies of insect. Some flare suddenly from a 
point and are trumpet-shaped, while some 
are mere blotches. The blotch mines are 
made through the habits of the insect 
within them; it feeds around and around, 
instead of forging ahead as the serpentine 
miners do. The larvas of beetles, flies, and 
moths may mine leaves, each species hav- 
ing its own special food plant. Most of 
the smaller leaf mines are made by the 
caterpillars of the moths which are fitly 
called the Tineina or Tineids. Most of 
these barely have a wing expanse that will 
reach a quarter of an inch, and many are 
smaller; they all have narrow wings, the 
hind wings being mere threads bordered 
with beautiful fringes. The specific names 
of these moths usually end in " ella "; 
thus, the one that mines in apple is mali- 
foliella, the one in grain is granella. One 
of these little moths, Gelechia pinifoliella, 
lives the whole of its growing life in half 
of a pine needle. The moth lays the egg at 




Dept. of Entomology, Cornell IT, 

Mines oj the trumpet leaf-miner 



INSECTS 



33* 



about the middle of the needle, and the 
little caterpillar that hatches from it 
gnaws its way directly into the heart of 
the needle; and there, as snug as snug can 
be, it lives and feeds until it is almost a 
quarter of an inch long; think of it! Many 
a time I have held up to the light a pine 
needle thus inhabited, and have seen the 
little miner race up and down its abode 
as if it knew that something w ; as happen- 
ing. When it finally attains its growth it 
makes wider the little door through which 
it entered; it does this very neatly; the door 
is an even oval, and looks as if it were made 
with the use of dividers. After thus open- 
ing the door, the caterpillar changes to a 
little, long pupa, very close to its exit; and 
later it emerges, an exquisite little moth 
with silvery bands on its narrow, brown 
wings, and a luxurious fringe on the edges 
of its narrow hind wings and also on the 
outer hind edges of the front wings. 

The gross mines in the leaves of dock 
and beet are not pretty. The leaves are 
slitted, sometimes for their whole length, 
and soon turn brown and lie prone on the 
ground, or dangle pathetically from the 
stalk. These mines are made by the larvae 
of a fly, and a whole family live in the 
same habitation. If we hold a leaf thus 
mined up to the light, while it is still 
green, we can see several of the larvae 
working, each making a bag in the life 
substance of the leaf, and yet all joining 
together to make a great blister. The flies 
that do this mischief belong to the family 
Anrhomyida*; and there are several species 
which have the perturbing habit of min- 
ing the leaves of beets and spinach. It be- 
hooves those of us who are fond of these 
" greens," as our New England ances- 
tors called them, to hold every leaf up to 
the light before we put it into the skillet, 
lest we get more meat than vegetable in 
these viands. The flies who thus take our 
greens ahead of us are perhaps a little 
larger than houseflies, and are generally 
gray in color with the front of the head 
silver white. These insects ought to teach 
us the value of clean culture in our gar- 
dens, since they also mine in the smooth 
pigweed. 



SUGGESTED READING Insect Pests of 
Farm, Garden and Orchard, by E. D. San- 




The pine-needle leaf-miner. Note the 
mined leaves. The pupa, the caterpillar, and 
the moth of the leaf-miner are much enlarged 

derson and L. M. Peairs; Leaf Mining In- 
sects, by James G. Needham, Stuart W. 
Frost and Beatrice W. Tothill; also, read- 
ings on page 300. 

LESSON 77 
LEAF-MINERS 

LEADING THOUGHT The serpent-like 
markings and the blister-like blotches 
which we often see on leaves are made 
by the larvas of insects which complete 
their growth by feeding upon the inner 
living substance of the leaf. 

METHOD The nasturtium leaf-miner 
is perhaps the most available for this les- 
son since it may be found in its mine in 
early autumn. However, the pupils should 
bring to the schoolroom all the leaves with 
mines in them that they can find and 
study the different forms. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Sketch the leaf 
with the mine in it, showing the shape of 
the mine. What is the name of the plant 
on which the leaf grew? 

2. Hold the leaf up to the light; can 
you see the insect within the mine? What 
is it doing? Is there more than one in- 
sect in the mine? Open the mine and see 
how the miner looks. 



33 2 



ANIMALS 



3. There are three general types of 
mines: those that are long, curving lines, 
called serpentine mines; those that begin 
small and flare out, called trumpet mines; 
and those that are blister-like, called 
blotch mines. Which of these is the mine 
you are studying? 

4. Study a serpentine mine. Note that 
where the little insect began to eat, the 
mine is small. Why does it widen from 
this point? What happened in the part 
which we call the serpent's head? 

5. Look closely with a lens and find if 
there is a break above the mine in the 
upper surface of the leaf or below the 
mine in the lower surface of the leaf. If 
the insect is no longer in the mine can you 
find where it escaped? Can you find a shed 
pupa skin in the " serpent's head "? 

6. Why does an insect mine in a leaf? 
What does it find to eat? How is it pro- 
tected from the birds or insects of prey 
while it is getting its growth? 

7. Look on leaves of nasturtium, colum- 



bine, lamb's quarters, dock, and burdock, 
for serpentine mines. Are the mines on 
these different plants alike? Do you sup- 
pose the mines are made by the same 
insect? 

8. Look on leaves of dock, burdock, 
beet, and spinach for blotch mines. Is 
there more than one insect in these 
mines? If the insects are present, hold the 
leaf up to the light and watch them eat. 

9. Look in the leaves of pitch or other 
thick-leaved pines (not white pine) for 
pine needles which are yellow at the tip. 
Examine these for miners. If the miner is 
not within, can you find the little circu- 
lar door by which it escaped? Would you 
think there was enough substance in 
half a pine needle to support a little crea- 
ture while it grew up? 

10. If you find leaf-miners at work, do 
not pluck off the leaves being mined but 
cover each with a little bag of Swiss mus- 
lin tied close about the petiole and thus 
capture the winged insect. 



THE LEAF-ROLLERS 



If we look closely at sumac leaves be- 
fore they are aflame from autumn's torch, 
we find many of the leaflets rolled into lit- 
tle cornucopias fastened with silk. The 
silk is not in a web, like that of the spider, 
but the strands are twisted together, hun- 
dreds of threads combined in one strong 
cable, and these are fastened from roll to 
leaf, like tent ropes. If we look at the 
young basswoods, we find perhaps many 
of their leaves cut across, and the flap 
made into a roll and likewise fastened 
with silken ropes. The witch hazel, which 
is a veritable insect tenement, also shows 
these rolls. In fact, we may find them 
upon the leaves of almost any species of 
tree or shrub, and each of these rolls has its 
own special maker or indweller. Each 
species of insect which rolls the leaves is 
limited to the species of plant on which it 
is found; and one of these caterpillars 
would sooner starve than take a mouthful 



from a leaf of any other plant. Some peo- 
ple think that insects will eat anything 
that comes in their way; but of all animals, 
insects are the most fastidious as to their 
food. 

Some species of leaf-rollers unite several 
leaflets together, while others use a single 
leaf. The sumac leaf-roller begins in a sin- 
gle leaf; but in its later stages, it fastens 
together two or three of the terminal leaf- 
lets in order to gain more pasturage. The 
little silken tent ropes which hold the 
folded leaves are well worth study with a 
lens. They are made of hundreds of 
threads of the finest silk, woven from a 
gland opening near the lower lip of the 
caterpillar. The rope is always larger where 
it is attached to the leaf than at the cen- 
ter, because the caterpillar crisscrosses the 
threads in order to make the attachment 
to the leaf larger and firmer. Unroll a tent 
carefully, and you may see the fastenings 



INSECTS 



333 



used in an earlier stage, and may even 
find the first turned-down edge of the leaf. 
However, the center of a leaf-roller's habi- 
tation is usually very much eaten, for the 
whole reason for making its little house is 
that the soft-bodied caterpillar may eat its 
fill completely hidden from the eyes of 
birds or other animals. When it first 
hatches from the egg, it feeds for a short 
time, usually on the underside of the leaf; 
but when still so small that we can barely 
see it with the naked eye, it somehow 
manages to fold over itself one edge of 
the leaf and peg it down. The problem of 
how so small a creature is able to pull over 




Witch hazel, showing work of leaf-rollers, 
leaf -miners, and gall-makers 

and fold down or to make in a roll a stiff 
leaf is hard to solve. I myself believe it is 
done by making many threads, each a lit- 
tle more taut than the last. I have watched 
several species working, and the leaf comes 
slowly together as the caterpillar stretches 
its head and sways back and forth hun- 
dreds of times, fastening the silk first to 
one side and then to the other. Some ob- 
servers believe that the caterpillar throws 
its weight upon the silk, in order to pull 




Leaf-rollers in sumac, showing the fastening 
of the silk stay-ropes 

the leaf together; but in the case of the 
sumac leaf-roller, I am sure this is not true, 
as I have watched the process again and 
again under a lens, and could detect no 
signs of this method. Many of the cater- 
pillars which make rolls change to small 
moths known as Tortricids. This is a very 
large family, containing a vast number of 
species, and not all of the members are 
leaf-rollers. These little moths have the 




Grace H. G'ris-wold 

A leaf of hollyhock rolled by a leaf-roller 



334 



ANIMALS 



front wings rather wide and more or less 
rectangular in outline. The entomologists 
have a pleasing fashion of ending the 
names of all of these moths with " ana "; 
the one that rolls the currant leaves is 
Rosana, the one on juniper is RutiJana, 
etc. Since many of the caterpillars of this 
family seek the ground to pupate and do 
not appear as moths until the following 
spring, it is somewhat difficult to study 




Leaflets fastened together by the skipper 
caterpillar to make a nest. The adult skipper 
is shown 

their complete life histories, unless one 
has well-made breeding cages with earth 
at the bottom; and even then it is difficult 
to keep them under natural conditions, 
since in an ordinary living room the in- 
sects dry up and do not mature. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
page 300. 

LESSON 78 
THE LEAF-ROLLERS 

LEADING THOUGHT Many kinds of in- 
sects roll the leaves of trees and plants into 
tents, in which they dwell and feed dur- 
ing their early stages. 

METHOD This is an excellent lesson 
for early autumn when the pupils may 
find many of these rolled leaves, which 
they may bring to the schoolroom, and 



which will give material for the lesson. 
The rolls are found plentifully on sumac, 
basswood, and witch hazel. 

OBSERVATIONS i . What is the name 
of the trees and shrubs from which these 
rolled leaves that you have collected were 
taken? 

2. Is more than one leaf or leaflet 
used in making the roll? 

3. Is the leaf rolled crosswise or length- 
wise? How large is the tube thus made? 

4. Is the nest in the shape of a tube, or 
are several leaves fastened together, mak- 
ing a box-shaped nest? 

5. How is the roll made fast? Examine 
the little silken ropes with a lens and de- 
scribe one of them. Is it wider where it is 
attached to the leaf than at the middle? 
Why? 

6. How many of these tent ropes are 
there which make fast the roll? Unroll a 
leaf carefully and see if you can find signs 
of the tent ropes that fastened the roll to- 
gether when it was smaller. Can you find 
where it began? 

7. As you unroll the leaves what do you 
see at the center? Has the leaf been eaten? 
Can you discover the reason why the cater- 
pillar made this roll? 

8. How do you think a caterpillar man- 
ages to roll a leaf so successfully? Where 
is the spinning gland of a caterpillar? How 
does the insect act when spinning threads 
back and forth when rolling the leaf? 
What sort of insect does the caterpillar 
which rolls the leaf change into? Do you 
suppose that the same kind of caterpillars 
make the rolls on two different species of 
trees? 

9. In July or early August get some of 
the rolls with the caterpillars in them ? un- 
roll a nest, take the caterpillar out and put 
it on a fresh leaf of the same kind of tree 
or shrub on which you found it, and 
watch it make its roll. 



INSECTS 




L. H. Weld 

The spiny oak- The pointed bullet-gall on oak A duster of The acorn 
gall twigs galls on mid- plum-gall 

rib of an oak 

leaf 



THE GALL DWELLERS 

He retired to his chamber, took his lamp, and summoned the genius as usual. " Gen- 
ius/' said he, " build me a palace near the sultan's, fit for the reception of my spouse, 
the princess; but instead of stone, let the walls be formed of massy gold and silver, 
laid in alternate rows; and let the interstices be enriched with diamonds and emeralds. 
The palace must have a delightful garden, planted with aromatic shrubs and plants, 
bearing the most delicious fruits and beautiful flowers. But ? in particular, let there be 
an immense treasure of gold and silver coin. The palace, moreover, must be well pro- 
vided with offices, storehouses, and stables full of the finest horses, and attended by 
equerries, grooms, and hunting equipage." By the dawn of the ensuing morning, the 
genius presented himself to Aladdin, and said, " Sir, your palace is finished; come and 
see if it accords with your wishes." ARABIAN NIGHTS' ENTERTAINMENTS 



Although Aladdin is out of fashion, we 
still have houses of magic that are even 
more wonderful than that produced by his 
resourceful lamp. These houses are built 
through an occult partnership between in- 
sects and plant tissues; we do not under- 
stand exactly how they are made, although 
we are beginning to understand a little 
concerning the reasons for the growth. 
These houses are called galls and are thus 
well named, since they grow because of an 
irritation to the plant caused by the insect. 

There are many forms of these gall 
dwellings, and they may grow upon the 
root, branch, leaf, blossom, or fruit. The 
miraculous thing about them is that each 



kind of insect builds its magical house on 
a certain part of a certain species of tree 
or plant; and the house is always of a cer- 
tain definite form on the outside and of a 
certain particular pattern within. Many 
widely differing species of insects are gall- 
makers; and he who is skilled in gall lore 
knows, when he looks at the outside of 
the house, just what insect dwells within 
it. 

We may take the history of the com- 
mon oak apple as an example. A little, 
four-winged, flylike creature, a wasp, lays 
its eggs, early in the season, on the leaf of 
the scarlet oak. As soon as the larva 
hatches, it begins to eat into the substance 



33 6 ANIMALS 

of one of the leaf veins. As it eats, it dis- 
charges through its mouth into the tissues 
of the leaf a substance which is secreted 
from glands within its body. Immediately 




Oak apple, showing the larva of the gall 
insect 

the building of the house commences; out 
around the little creature grow radiating 
vegetable fibers, showing by their position 
plainly that the grub is the center of all of 
this new growth; meanwhile, a smooth, 
thin covering completely encloses the 
globular house; larger and larger grows the 
house until we have what we are accus- 
tomed to call an oak apple, so large is it. 
The little chap inside is surely content 
and happy, for it is protected from the 
sight of all of its enemies, and it finds the 
walls of its house the best of food. It is 
comparable to a boy living in the middle 
of a giant sponge cake, who when 
hungry would naturally eat out a larger 
cave in the heart of the cake. After the 
inmate of the oak apple completes its 
growth, it changes to a pupa and finally 
comes out into the world a tiny wasp, 
scarcely a quarter of an inch in length. 

The story of the willow cone-gall is 
quite different. A little gnat lays her eggs 
on the tip of the bud of a twig; as soon as 
the grub hatches and begins to eat, the 
growth of the twig is arrested, the leaves 
are stunted until they are mere scales and 



are obliged to overlap in rows around the 
little inmate, thus making for it a cone- 
shaped house which is very thoroughly 
shingled. The inhabitant of this gall is a 
hospitable little fellow, and his house shel- 
ters and feeds many other insect guests. 
He does not pay any attention to them, 
being a recluse in his own cell, but he 
civilly allows them to take care of them- 
selves in his domain, and to feed upon 
the walls of his house. He stays in his snug 
home all winter and comes out in the 
spring a tiny, two-winged fly. 

There are two galls common on the 
stems of goldenrod. The more numerous 
is spherical in form and is made by a fat 
and prosperous looking little grub which 
later develops into a fly. But although it 
is a fly that makes the globular gall in the 
stem of goldenrod, the spindle-shaped gall 
often seen on the same stem has quite an- 
other story. A little brown and gray mot- 
tled moth, about three-fourths of an inch 
long, lays her egg on the stem of the young 
goldenrod. The caterpillar, when it 
hatches, lives inside the stem, which ac- 
commodatingly enlarges into an oblong 
room. The caterpillar feeds upon the sub- 
stance of the stem until it attains its 
growth, and then it cuts, with sharp jaws, 




Willow cone-galls 



Verne Morton 



INSECTS 



337 



a little oval door at the upper end of its 
house and makes an even bevel by widen- 
ing the opening toward the outside. It 
then makes a little plug of debris which 
completely fills the door; but because of 
the bevel, no intrusive beetle or ant can 
push it in. Thus the caterpillar changes 
to a helpless pupa in entire safety; and 
\vhen the little moth issues from the pupa 
skin, all it has to do is to push its head 
against the door, and out it falls, and the 
recluse is now a creature of the outside 
world. 

Many galls are compound, that is, they 
are made up of a community of larvae, 
each in its own cell. The mossy rose gall 
is an instance of this. The galls made by 
mites and aphids are open either below or 
above the surface of the leaf; the little 
conical galls on witch hazel are examples 
of these. In fact, each gall has its own par- 
ticular history, which proves a most inter- 
esting story if we seek to read it with our 
own eyes. 

SUGGESTED READING Interesting 
Neighbors, by Oliver P. Jenkins; Nature 
and Science Readers, by Edith M. Patch 
and Harrison E. Howe, Book 2, Outdoor 
Visits; Scientific Living Series, Winter 
Comes and Goes, by George W. Frasier, 
Helen Dolman, and Kathryne Van Noy; 
also, readings on page 300. 

LESSON 79 
THE GALL DWELLERS 
LEADING THOUGHT The galls are pro- 
tective habitations for the little insects 





L . _ _ . J 

M. V. Slingerland 

Spherical gall of the goldenrod, opened, show- 
ing its prosperous looking owner 



Glenn W. Herrick 

The vagabond gall of the cotton-wood 

wliich dwell within them. Each kind of 
insect makes its o\vn peculiar gall on a 
certain species of plant. 

METHOD Ask the pupils to bring in 
as many of these galls as possible. Note 
that some have open doors and some are 
entirely closed. Cut open a gall and see 
what sorts of insects are found within it. 
Place each kind of gall in a tumbler or jar 
covered with cheesecloth and put them 
where they may be under observation for 
perhaps several months; note what sort of 
winged insect comes from each. 

OBSERVATIONS i . On what plant or 
tree did this gall grow? Were there many 
like it? Did they grow upon the root, stem, 
leaf, flower, or fruit? If on the leaf, 
did they grow upon the petiole or the 
blade? 

2. What is the shape of the little 
house? What is its color? Its size? Is it 
smooth or wrinkled on the outside? Is it 
covered with fuzz or with spines? 

3. Open the gall; is there an insect 
within it? If so, where is it and how does 
it look? What is the appearance of the in- 
side of the gall? 

4. Is there a cell for the insect at the 
very center of the gall, or are there many 
such cells? 

5. Has the house an open door? If so, 
does the door open above or below? Is 
there more than one insect in the galls 




ANIMALS 



C. V. Triggerson 

Pictured here are porcupine galls on the 
leaf of a white oak; a section of a porcupine 
gall showing^ the cells; and a female gall- flu 
laying eggs in an oak bud 

with open doors? What sort of insect 
makes this kind of house? 

6. Do you find any insects besides the 
original gall-maker within it? If so, what 
are they doing? 

7. Of what use are these houses to their 
little inmates? How do they protect them 
from enemies? How do they furnish them 
with food? 

8. Do the gall insects live all their lives 
within the galls or do they change to 
winged insects and come out into the 
world? If so, how do they get out? 

9. How many kinds of galls can you 
find upon oaks? Upon goldenrod? Upon 
witch hazel? Upon willow? 

A green little world 

With me at its heart/ 
A house grown by magic, 

Of a green stem, a part. 

My walls give me food 
And protect me from foes, 

I eat at my leisure, 
In safety repose. 




Stem of goldenrod showing the spherical 
gall above, made by the larva of a fly; and 
the spindle-shaped gall below, made by the 
caterpillar of a moth 

My house hath no window, 
Tis dark as the night/ 

But I mate me a door 
And batten it tight. 

And when my wings grow 
I throw wide my door; 

And to my green castle 
I return nevermore. 



THE GRASSHOPPER 



Because the grasshopper affords special 
facilities for the study of insect structure, 
it has indeed become a burden to the 
students in the laboratories of American 



universities. But in nature-study we must 
not make anything a burden, least of 
all the grasshopper, which, being 
such a famous jumper as well as flier, 



INSECTS 



339 



does not long voluntarily burden any 
object. 

Since we naturally select the most sali- 
ent characteristic of a creature to present 
first to young pupils, we naturally begin 
this lesson with the peculiarity which 
makes this insect a u grasshopper? 7 When 
any creature has unusually strong hind 
legs, we may be sure it is a jumper, and the 
grasshopper shows this peculiarity at first 
glance. The front legs are short, the mid- 
dle legs a trifle longer, but the femur of the 
hind leg is nearly as long as the entire 
body, and contains many powerful mus- 
cles which have the appearance of being 



V..FORE WING OR WINS COVER 




A grasshopper with parts of the external 
anatomy named 

braided, because of the way they are at- 
tached to the skeleton of the leg; the tibia 
of the hind leg is long and as stiff as if 
made of steel. When getting ready to 
jump the grasshopper lowers the great 
femur below the level of the closed wings 
and until the tibia is parallel with it and 
the entire foot is pressed against the 
ground. The pair of double spines at the 
end of the tibia, just back of the foot, are 
pressed against the ground like a spiked 
heel, and the whole attitude of the insect 
is tense. Then, like a steel spring, the long 
legs straighten and the insect is propelled 
high into the air and far away. This is a 



remarkable example of insect dynamics. 
Since so many species of birds feed upon 
the grasshopper, its leaping power is much 




The America?!, bird grasshopper 

needed to escape them. However, when 
the grasshopper makes a journey it uses its 
wings. 

As we watch a grasshopper crawling up 
the side of a vial or tumbler we can exam- 
ine its feet with a lens. Between and in 
front of the claws is an oval pad which 
clings to the glass, not by air pressure as 
was once supposed, but by means of 
microscopic hairs, called tenent hairs, 
which secrete a sticky fluid. Each foot con- 
sists of three segments and a claw; when 
the insect is quiet, the entire foot rests 
upon the ground; but when it is climbing 
on glass, the toe pads are used. 

The grasshopper's face has a droll ex- 
pression; would that some caricaturist 
could analyze itl It is a long face, and the 
compound eyes placed high upon it give 
a look of solemnity. The simple eyes can 




The mouth-parts of a grasshopper, enlarged 

8, upper lip or labrum, 10, upper jaws or mandibles. 
11, lower jaws or maxillae. 12, under lip or labium. 13, 
tongue, d, palpi 



340 



ANIMALS 



be made out with a lens. There is one just 
in front of each big eye, and another, like 
the naughty little girl's curl, is " right in 
the middle of the forehead." The an- 
tennas are short but alert. The two pairs 
or palpi connected with the mouth-parts 
are easily seen, likewise the two pairs of 
jaws, the notched mandibles looking like 
a pair of nippers. We can see these jaws 
much better when the insect is eating, 
which act is done methodically. First, it 
begins at one edge of a leaf, which it seizes 
between the front feet so as to hold it firm; 
it eats by reaching up and cutting down- 
wards, making an even-edged, long hole 
on the leaf margin; it makes the hole 
deeper by repeating the process. It some- 




A drawing of a grasshopper without the 
wings to show an ear, labeled t 



air. The grasshopper's flight is usually 
swift and short; but in years of famine 
some kinds of grasshoppers fly high in the 
air and for long distances, a fact recorded 
in the Bible regarding the plague of lo- 
custs. When they thus appear in vast 
hordes, they destroy all the vegetation in 
the region where they settle. 

The wings of grasshoppers vary in color, 
those of the red-legged species being gray, 
while those of the Carolina locusts are 
black with yellow edges. The abdomen is 
segmented, as in all insects, and along the 
lower side there are two lengthwise sutures 
or creases which open and shut bellows- 
like when the grasshopper breathes. The 
spiracles or breathing pores can be seen 
on each segment, just above this suture. 

The grasshopper has its ears well pro- 
tected; to find them, we must lift the 
wings in order to see the two large sound- 
ing discs, one on each side of the first seg- 
ment of the abdomen. These are larger 
and much more like ears than are the little 
ears in the elbows of the katydids. 

The singing of the short-horned grass- 
hoppers is a varied performance, each spe- 
cies doing it in its own way. One species 
makes a most seductive little note by plac- 



times makes a hole in the middle of a leaf 
and bites in any direction, but it prefers 

to move the jaws downward. While it is . _ 

feeding, its palpi tap the leaf continually ing the femur and tibia of the hind legs 
and its whole attitude is one of deep satis- together; with the hind feet completely 

off the ground, the legs are moved up and 



faction. There is an up-rolled expression 
to the compound eyes which reminds us 
of the way a child looks over the upper 
edge of its cup while drinking milk. The 
grasshopper has a preference for tender 
herbage, but in time of drought will eat 
almost any living plant. 

Back of the head is a sunbonnet-shaped 
piece, bent down at the sides, forming a 
cover for the thorax. The grasshopper has 
excellent wings, as efficient as its legs; the 
upper pair are merely strong, thick, mem- 
branous covers, bending down at the sides 
so as to protect the under wings; these 
wing covers are not meant for flying and 
are held stiff and straight up in the air 
during flight. The true wings, when the 
grasshopper is at rest, are folded length- 
wise like a fan beneath the wing covers; 



down with great rapidity, giving off a little 
purr. The wings in this case do not lift at 
all. There are other species that make the 
sound by rubbing the legs against the 
wing covers. 

The grasshopper makes its toilet thus: 
It cleans first the hind feet by rubbing 
them together and also by reaching back 
and scrubbing them with the middle feet; 
the big hind femur it polishes with the 
bent elbow of the second pair of legs. It 
cleans the middle feet by nibbling and 
licking them, bending the head far be- 
neath the body in order to do it. It pol- 
ishes its eyes and face with the front feet, 
stopping to lick them clean between 
whiles, and it has a most comical manner 
of cleaning its antennae; this is accom- 
plished by tipping the head sidewise, and 



they are strongly veined and circular in , , A ^ 

shape, giving much surface for beating the bending it down so that the antenna of 



INSECTS 



34 1 



one side rests upon the floor; it then plants 
the front foot of that side firmly upon the 
antenna and pulls it slowly backward be- 
tween the foot and floor. 

The grasshopper has some means of de- 
fense as well as of escape; it can give a 
painful nip with its mandibles; and when 
seized, it emits copiously from the mouth 
a brownish liquid which is acrid and ill 
smelling. This performance interests chil- 
dren who are wont to seize the insect by 
its jumping legs and hold it up, command- 
ing it to " chew tobacco. 77 

Grasshoppers are insects with incom- 
plete metamorphosis, which merely means 
that the baby grasshopper, as soon as it 
emerges from the egg, is similar in form 
to its parent except that it has a very large 
head and a funny little body, and that it 
has no quiet pupal stage during life. When 
immature, the under wings or true wings 
have a position outside of the wing covers 
and look like little fans. 

The short-horned grasshoppers lay their 
eggs in oval masses protected by a tough 
overcoat. The ovipositor of the mother 
grasshopper is a very efficient tool, and 
with it she makes a deep hole in the 
ground, or sometimes in fence rails or 
other decaying wood; after placing her 
eggs in such a cavity, she covers the hid- 
ing place with a gurnmy substance so that 
no intruders or robbers may work harm 




Grasshoppers laying eggs 



a, a, a, females, ovipositing; 6, egg-pod extracted 
from the ground with the end broken open; c, a few 
eggs lying loose upon the ground; d, e, show the earth 
partially removed to illustrate an egg-mass already m 
place and one being placed; / shows where such a mass 
aas been covered up 




Long-horned or meadow grasshopper 

to her progeny. Most species of grasshop- 
pers pass the winter in the egg stage; but 
sometimes we find in early spring the 
young ones which hatched in the falL and 
they seem as spry as if they had not been 
frozen stiff. 

SUGGESTED READING -Do You Know? 
by Janet Smalley; Insect Pests of Farm, 
Garden and Orchard, by E. D. Sanderson 
and L. M. Peairs; Insect People, by Elea- 
nor King and Wellmer Pessels; Nature 
by Seaside and Wayside, by Maw G. 
Phillips and Julia M." Wright, Book 3, 
Plants and Animals; also, readings on 
page 300. 

LESSON 80 
THE RED-LEGGED GRASSHOPPER 

LEADING THOUGHT The grasshopper 
feeds upon grass and other herbage and 
is especially fitted for living in grassy fields. 
Its color protects it from being seen by 
its enemies, the birds. If attacked, it es- 
capes by long jumps and by flight. It can 
make long journeys on the wing. 

METHOD The red-legged grasshopper 
(M. femur-rubrum) has been selected for 
this lesson because it is the most common 
of all grasshoppers in many parts of our 
country, though other species may be used 
as well. The red-legged locust or grass- 
hopper has, as is indicated by its name, the 
large femur of the hind legs reddish in 
color. Place the grasshopper under a tum- 
bler and upon a spray of fresh herbage, 
and allow the pupils to observe it at lei- 
sure. It might be well to keep some of 
the grasshoppers in a cage similar to that 
described for crickets. When one is study- 
ing the feet, or other parts of the insect 
requiring close scrutiny, the grasshopper 



342 



ANIMALS 



should be placed in a vial so that it may 
be passed around and observed with a 
lens. Give the questions a few at a time, 
and encourage the pupils to study these 
insects in the field. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Since a grasshopper 
is such a high jumper, discover if you can 




Left, wing of male; and right, wing of female 
meadow grasshoppers 

how he does this " event." Which pair 
of legs is the longest? Which the shortest? 
How long are the femur and tibia of the 
hind leg compared with the body? What 
do you think gives the braided appearance 
to the surface of the hind femur? What 
is there peculiar about the hind femur? 
Note the spines at the end of the tibia 
just behind the foot. 

2. Watch the grasshopper prepare to 
jump and describe the process. How do 
you think it manages to throw itself so 
far? If a man were as good a jumper as 
a grasshopper in comparison to his size, 
he could jump 300 feet high or 500 feet 
in distance. Why do you think the grass- 
hopper needs to jump so far? 

3. As the grasshopper climbs up the 
side of a tumbler or vial, look at its feet 
through a lens and describe them. How 
many segments are there? Describe the 
claws. How does it cling to the glass? De- 
scribe the little pad between the claws. 

4. Look the grasshopper in the face. 
Where are the compound eyes situated? 
Can you see the tiny simple eyes like mere 
dots? How many are there? Where are 
they? How long are the antennas? For 
what are they used? 

5. How does a grasshopper eat? Do the 



jaws move up and down or sidewise? What 
does the grasshopper eat? How many pairs 
of palpi can you see connected with the 
mouth-parts? How are these used when 
the insect is eating? When there are many 
grasshoppers, what may happen to the 
crops? 

6. What do you see just back of the 
grasshopper's head, when looked at from 
above? 

7. Can the grasshopper fly as well as 
jump? How many pairs of wings has it? 
Does it use the first pair of wings to fly 
with? How does it hold them when fly- 
ing? Where is the lower or hind pair of 
wings when the grasshopper is walking? 
How do they differ in shape from the 
front wings? 

8. Note the abdomen. It is made of 
many rings or segments. Are these rings 
continuous around the entire body? 
Where do their breaks occur? Describe 
the movement of the abdomen as the in- 
sect breathes. Can you see the spiracles or 
breathing pores? Lift the wings, and find 
the ear on the first segment of the ab- 
domen. 

9. If you seize the grasshopper how 
may it show that it is offended? 

10. How does the grasshopper perform 




Front leg of a katydid showing the ear near 
the elbow 

its toilet? Describe how it cleans its an- 
tennas, face, and legs. 

11. What becomes of the grasshoppers 
in the winter? Where are the eggs laid? 
How can you tell a young from a full- 
grown grasshopper? 



12. Do all grasshoppers have antennas 
shorter than half the length of their bod- 
ies? Do some have antennae longer than 
their bodies? Where are the long-horned 



INSECTS 343 

grasshoppers found? Describe how they 
resemble the katydids in the way they 
make music and in the position of their 
ears. 



THE KATYDID 



I love to hear thine earnest voice 
Wherever thou art hid, 
Thou testy little dogmatist, 
Thou pretty katydid, 

Distance, however, lends enchantment 
to the song of the katydid, for it grates on 
our nerves as well as on our ears, when at 
close quarters. The katydid makes his 
music in a manner similar to that of the 
cricket but is not, however, so well 
equipped, since he has only one file and 
only one scraper for playing. As with the 
meadow grasshoppers and crickets, only 
the males make the music, the wings of 
the females being delicate and normally 
veined at the base. The ears, too, are in 
the same position as those of the cricket, 
and may be seen as a black spot in the 
front elbow. The song is persistent and 
may last the night long: " Katy did, she 
didn't, she did/' James Whitcomb Riley 
says, "The katydid is rasping at the si- 
lence/' and the word " rasping " well de- 
scribes the note. 

The katydids are beautiful insects, with 
green, finely veined, leaflike wing covers 
under which is a pair of well developed 
wings, folded like fans; they resemble in 
form the long-horned grasshoppers. The 
common northern species (Cyrtophyllus) 
is all green above except for the long, deli- 
cate fawn-colored antennae, and the 
brownish fiddle of the male, which con- 
sists of a flat triangle just back of the 
thorax where the wing covers overlap. 
Sometimes this region is pale brown and 
sometimes green, and with the unaided 
eye we can plainly see the strong cross- 
vein, bearing the file. The green eyes have 
darker centers and are not so large as the 
eyes of the grasshopper. The body is green 
with white lines below on either side. 



Thou mindest me of gentle follcs, 
Old gentle folks are they, 
Thou say'st an undisputed thing 
In such a solemn way. 

HOLMES 

There is a suture the length of the ab- 
domen in which are placed the spiracles. 
The insect breathes by sidewise expansion 
and contraction, and the sutures rhythmi- 
cally open and shut; when they are open, 
the spiracles can be seen as black dots. 




The angular-winged katydid and her eggs 

The legs are slender and the hind pair 
very long. The feet are provided with 
two little pads, one on each side of the 
base of the claw. In the grasshopper there 
is only one pad, which is placed between 
the two hooks of the claw. The female 
has a green, sickle-shaped ovipositor at 
the end of the body. With this she lays 
her flat, oval eggs, slightly overlapping in 
a neat row. 

The katydids are almost all dwellers in 
trees and shrubs; although I have often 
found our common species upon asters 
and similar high weeds. The leaflike wings 
of these insects are, in form and color ? so 



344 



ANIMALS 



similar to the leaves that they are very 
completely hidden. The katydid is rarely 
discovered except by accident; although 
when one is singing, it may be approached 
and ferreted out with the aid of a lantern. 
The katydid, when feeding, often holds 
the leaf or the flower firmly with the front 




The front portions of the wings of a male 
katydid showing the file, f, on one wing and 
the scraper, s, on the other 

feet, while biting it off like a grazing cow, 
and if it is tough, chews it industriously 
with the sidewise-working jaws. A katy- 
did will often remain quiet a long time 
with one long antenna directed forward 
and the other backward, as if on the look- 
out for news from the front and the rear. 
But when the katydid " cleans up/' it 
does a thorough job. It nibbles its front 
feet, paying special attention to the pads, 
meanwhile holding the foot to its mandi- 
bles with the aid of the palpi. But one 
washing is not enough; I have seen a 
katydid go over the same foot a dozen 
times in succession, beginning always with 
the hind spurs of the tibia and nibbling 



along the tarsus to the claws. It cleans its 
face with its front foot, drawing it down- 
ward over the eye and then licking it 
clean. It cleans its antenna with its man- 
dibles by beginning at the base and draw- 
ing it up in a loop as fast as finished. 
After watching the process of these 
lengthy ablutions, we must conclude that 
the katydid is among the most fastidious 
members of the insect " four hundred." 
SUGGESTED READING Nature by Sea- 
side and Wayside, by Mary G. Phillips 
and Julia M. Wright, Book 3, Plants and 
Animals; also, readings on page 300. 

LESSON 81 
THE KATYDID 

LEADING THOUGHT The katydids re- 
semble the long-horned grasshoppers and 
the crickets. They live in trees, and the 
male sings " katy did " by means of a 
musical instrument similar to that of the 
cricket. 

METHOD Place a katydid in a cricket 
cage in the schoolroom, giving it fresh 
leaves or flowers each day, and encourag- 
ing the pupils to watch it at recess. It may 
be placed in a vial and passed around for 
close observation. In studying this insect, 
use the lesson on the red-legged grasshop- 
per and also that on the cricket. These les- 
sons will serve to call the attention of the 
pupils to the differences and resem- 
blances between the katydid and these 
two related insects. 



THE BLACK CRICKET 



If we wish to become acquainted with 
these charming little troubadours of the 
field, we should have a cricket cage with 
a pair of them within it. They are most 
companionable, and it is interesting to 
note how quickly they respond to a musi- 
cal sound. I had a pair in my room at one 
time, when I lived very near a cathedral. 
Almost every time that the bells rang dur- 
ing the night, my cricket would respond 
with a most vivacious and sympathetic 
chirping. 



The patent-leather finish to this crick- 
et's clothes is of great use; for, although 
the cricket is an efficient jumper, it is, after 

1 




The field cricket 



INSECTS 



345 



all, mostly by running between grass 
blades that it escapes its enemies. If we 
try to catch one, we realize how slippery 
it is, and how efficiently it is thus able to 
slide through the fingers. 

The haunts of the cricket are usually 
sunny; it digs a little cave beneath a stone 
or clod in some field, where it can have 
the whole benefit of all the sunshine w 7 hen 
it issues from its door. These crickets can- 
not fly, since they have no wings under 




Left, a house cricket; center, field cricket; 
right, another species of field cricket 

their wing covers, as do the grasshoppers. 
The hind legs have a strong femur, and 
a short but strong tibia with downward- 
slanting spines along the hind edge, which 
undoubtedly help the insect in scrambling 
through the grass. At the end of the tibia, 
next to the foot, is a rosette of five spines, 
the two longer ones slanting to meet 
the foot; these spines give the insect a 
firm hold, when making ready for its 
spring. When walking, the cricket places 
the whole hind foot flat on the ground, 
but rests only upon the claw and the ad- 
joining segment of the front pairs of feet. 
The claws have no pads like those of the 
Katydid or grasshopper; the segment of 
the tarsus next the claw has long spines 
on the hind feet and shorter spines on 
the middle and front feet, thus showing 
that the feet are not made for climbing, 
but for scrambling along the ground. 
When getting ready to jump, the cricket 
crouches so that the tibia and femur of 
the hind legs are shut together and almost 
on the ground. The dynamics of the 
cricket's leap are well worth studying. 



The cricket's features are not so easily 
made out, because the head is polished 
and black; the eyes are not so polished as 
the head; the simple eyes are present, but 
are discerned with difficulty. The antennae 




The wing of a male cricket enlarged, a, file; 
b, scraper 

are longer than the body and very active; 
there is a globular segment where they 
join the face. I have not discovered that 
the crickets are so fastidious about keep- 
ing generally clean as are some other in- 




A section of the file enlarged 

sects, but they are always cleaning their 
antennas. I have seen a cricket play his 
wing mandolin lustily and at the same 
time carefully clean his antennae; he pol- 
ished these by putting up a foot and bend- 




The front leg of a cricket enlarged to show 
the ear at a 

ing the antenna down so that his mouth 
reached it near the base; he then pulled 
the antenna through his jaws with great 
deliberation, nibbling it clean to the very 
end. The lens reveals to us that the flexi- 
bility of the antennae is due to the fact 



346 



ANIMALS 



that they are many jointed. The palpi are 
easily seen, a large pair above and a smaller 
pair beneath the " chin/ 7 The palpi are 
used to test food and prove if it be palata- 
ble. The crickets are fond of melon or 
other sweet, juicy fruits, and by putting 
such food into the cage we can see them 
bite out pieces with their sidewise-work- 
ing jaws, chewing the toothsome morsel 
with gusto. They take hold of the sub- 




A cricket cage 

stance they are eating with the front feet 
as if to make sure of it. 

The wing covers of the cricket are bent 
down at the sides at right angles, like a 
box cover. The wing covers are much 
shorter than the abdomen and beneath 
them are vestiges of wings, which are 
never used. The male has larger wing 
covers than the female, and they are 
veined in a peculiar scroll pattern. This 
veining seems to be a framework for the 
purpose of making a sounding board of 
the wing membrane, by stretching it out 
as a drumhead is stretched. Near the base 
of the wing cover there is a heavy cross- 
vein covered with transverse ridges, which 
is called the file; on the inner edge of the 
same wing, near the base, is a hardened 
portion called the scraper. When he 
makes his cry, the cricket lifts his wing 
covers at an angle of forty-five degrees 
and draws the scraper of the under wing 



against the file of the overlapping one; 
lest his musical apparatus become worn 
out, he can change by putting the other 
wing cover above. The wing covers are 
excellent sounding boards and they quiver 
as the note is made, setting the air in vi- 
bration, and sending the sound a long dis- 
tance. The female cricket's wing covers 
are more normal in venation; and she may 
always be distinguished from her spouse 
by the long swordlike ovipositor at the end 
of her body; this she thrusts into the 
ground when she lays her eggs, thus plac- 
ing them where they will remain safely 
protected during the winter. Both sexes 
have a pair of " tail feathers/' as the chil- 
dren call them, which are known as the 
cerci (sing, cercus) and are fleshy prongs 
at the end of the abdomen. 

There would be no use of the cricket's 
playing his mandolin if there were not an 
appreciative ear to listen to his music. 
This ear is placed most conveniently in 
the tibia of the front leg, so that the crick- 
ets literally hear with their elbows, as do 
the katydids and the meadow grasshop- 
pers. The ear is easily seen with the naked 
eye as a little white, disclike spot. 

The chirp of the cricket is, in literature, 
usually associated with the coming of au- 
tumn; but the careful listener may hear 
it in early summer, although the song is 
not then so insistent as later in the season. 
He usually commences singing in the af- 
ternoon and keeps it up periodically all 
night. I have always been an admirer of 
the manly, dignified methods of this little 
"minnesinger," who does not wander 
abroad to seek his ladylove but stands 
sturdily at his own gate, playing his man- 
dolin the best he is able; he has faith that 
his sable sweetheart is not far away, and 
that if she likes his song she will come to 
him of her own free will. The cricket is 
ever a lover of warmth and his mandolin 
gets out of tune soon after the evenings 
become frosty. He is a jealous musician. 
When he hears the note of a rival he at 
once "bristles up," lifting his wings at 
a higher angle and giving off a sharp mili- 
tant note. If the two rivals come in sight 
of each other there is a fierce duel. They 



INSECTS 



rush at each other with wide-open jaws, 
and fight until one is conquered and re- 
treats, often minus an antenna, cercus, or 
even a leg. The cricket's note has a wide 
range of expression. When waiting for his 
ladylove, he keeps up a constant droning; 
if he hears his rival, the tone is sharp and 
defiant; but as the object of his affection 
approaches, the music changes to a seduc- 
tive whispering, even having in it an un- 
certain quiver, as if his feelings were too 
strong for utterance. 

SUGGESTED READING Nature by Sea- 
side and Wayside, by Mary G. Phillips 
and Julia M. Wright, Book 3, Plants and 
Animals; Nature and Science Readers, by 
Edith M. Patch and Harrison E. Howe, 
Book i, Hunting; also, readings on page 
300. 

THE BLACK CRICKETS 

Of the insect musicians the cricket is 
easily the most popular. Long associated 
with man, as a companion of the hearth 
and the field, his song touches ever the 
chords of human experience. Although 
we, in America, do not have the house- 
cricket which English poets praise, yet our 
field-crickets have a liking for warm cor- 
ners, and will, if encouraged, take up their 
abode among our hearthstones. The great- 
est tribute to the music of the cricket is 
the wide range of human emotion which 
it expresses. " As merry as a cricket " is a 
very old saying and is evidence that the 
cricket's fiddling has ever chimed with the 
gay moods of dancers and merrymakers. 
Again, the cricket's song is made an em- 
blem of peace; and again we hear that the 
cricket's " plaintive cry " is taken as the 
harbinger of the sere and dying year. From 
happiness to utter loneliness is the gamut 
covered by this sympathetic song. Leigh 
Hunt found him glad and thus addresses 
him: 

And you, little housekeeper who class 
With those who think the candles come 

too soon, 
Loving the fire, and with your tricksome 

tune 



347 



Nick the glad, silent moments as they 
pass. 

" WAYS OF THE SIX-FOOTED/' 
COMSTOCK 

LESSON 82 
THE BLACK CRICKET 

LEADING THOUGHT The crickets are 
among the most famous of the insect mu- 
sicians. They live in the fields under stones 
and in burrows, and feed upon grass and 
clover. As with most birds, only the male 
makes music; he has his wing covers de- 
veloped into a mandolin or violin, which 
he plays to attract his mate and also for 
his own pleasure. 

METHOD Make some cricket cages 
as follows: Take a small flowerpot and 
plant in it a root of fresh grass OF clover. 
Place over this and press well into the 
soil a glass chimney, or a small piece of 
fine mesh screen rolled into the shape of a 
cylinder and fastened securely with 
string or fine wire. Cover the top with 
mosquito netting. Place the pot in its 
saucer, so that it may be watered by keep- 
ing the saucer filled. Ask the pupils to 
collect some crickets. In each cage, place 
a male and one or more females, the latter 
being readily distinguished by the long 
ovipositors. Place the cages in a sunny 
window, where the pupils may observe 
them, and ask for the following observa- 
tions. In studying the cricket closely, it 
may be well to put one in a vial and pass- 
it around. In observing the crickets eat, 
it is well to give them a piece of sweet 
apple or melon rind, as they are very fond 
of pulpy fruits. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Is the covering of 
the cricket shining, like black patent 
leather, or is it dull? What portions are 
dull? Of what use do you think it is to the 
cricket to be so smoothly polished? 

2. Where did you find the crickets? 
When you tried to catch them, how did 
they act? Did they fly like grasshoppers 
or did they ran and leap? 

3. Look carefully at the cricket's legs. 
Which is the largest of the three pairs? 
Of what use are these strong legs? Look 



348 



ANIMALS 



carefully at the tibia of the hind leg. Can 
you see the strong spines at the end, just 
behind the foot or tarsus? Watch the 
cricket jump and see if you can discover 
the use of these spines. How many joints 
in the tarsus? Has the cricket a pad like 
the grasshopper's between its claws? 
When the cricket walks or jumps does 
it walk on all the tarsi of each pair of 
legs? 

4. Study the cricket's head. Can you 
see the eyes? Describe the antennae 
their color, length, and the way they are 
used. Watch the cricket clean its antennae 
and describe the process. Can you see the 
little feelers, or palpi, connected with the 
mouth? How many are there? How does it 
use these feelers in tasting food before it 
eats? Watch the cricket eat, and see 
whether you can tell whether its mouth 
is made for biting or sucking. 

5. Study the wings. Are the wings of 
the mother cricket the same size and 
shape as those of her mate? How do they 
differ? Does the cricket have any wings 
under these front wings, as the grasshop- 
per does? Note the cricket when he is play- 
ing his wing mandolin to attract his mate. 
How does he make the noise? Can you 
see the wings vibrate? Ask your teacher 
to show you a picture of the musical wings 
of the cricket, or to show you the wings 



themselves under the microscope, so that 
you may see how the music is made, 

6. Why does the mother cricket need 
such a long ovipositor? Where does she 
put her eggs in the fall to keep them safe 
until spring? 

7. Look in the tibia, or elbow, of the 
front leg for a little white spot. What do 
you suppose this is? Are there any white 
spots like it on the other legs? Ask your 
teacher to tell you what this is, 

8. Can you find the homes of the crick- 
ets in the fields? Do the black crickets 
chirp in the daytime or after dark? Do 
they chirp in cold or windy weather, or 
only when the sun shines? 

CRICKET SONG 
Welcome with thy clicking, cricket/ 
Clicking songs of sober mirth; 
Autumn, stripping field and thicket, 
Brings tliee to my hearth, 
Where thy clicking shrills and quiclcens, 
While the mist of twilight thickens. 

No annoy, good-humored cricket, 

With thy trills is ever blent; 

Spleen of mine, how dost thou trick it 

To a calm content? 

So, by thicket, hearth, or wicket, 

Click thy little lifetime, cricket! 

BAYARD TAYLOR 



THE SNOWY TREE CRICKET 



This is a slim, ghostlike cricket. It is 
pale green, almost white in color, and 
about three-fourths of an inch long. Its 
long, slender hind legs show that it is a 
good jumper. Its long antennae, living 
threads, pale gray in color, join the head 
with amber globelike segments. The pale 
eyes have a darker center and the palpi 
are very long. The male has the wing 
covers shaped and veined like those of the 
black cricket, but they are not so broad 
and are whitish and very delicate. The 
wings beneath are wide, for these crickets 
can fly. The female has a long, swordlike 
ovipositor. 



The snowy tree cricket, like its rela- 
tives, spends much time at its toilet. It 
whips the front foot over an antenna and 
brings the base of the latter to the mandi- 
bles with the palpi and then cleans it care- 
fully to the very tip. It washes its face with 
the front foot, always with a downward 
movement. If the hind foot becomes en- 
tangled in anything it first tries to kick it 
clean, and then, drawing it beneath the 
body, bends the head so as to reach it 
with the mandibles and nibbles it clean. 
The middle foot it also thrusts beneath 
the body, bringing it forward between the 
front legs for cleaning. But when clean- 



INSECTS 



349 



ing its front feet, the snowy tree cricket 
puts on airs; it lifts the elbow high and 
draws the foot through the mouth with 
a gesture very like that of a young lady 
with a seal ring on her little finger, hold- 
ing the ornate member out from its com- 
panions as if it were stiff with a conscious- 
ness of its own importance. 

There are two common species of the 
snowy tree crickets which can hardly be 
separated except by specialists or by watch- 
ing their habits. One is called " the whis- 
tler " and lives on low shrubs or grass; 
it gives a clear ? soft, prolonged, unbroken 
note. The other is called " the fiddler " 
and lives on shrubs and in trees and vines. 
Its note is a pianissimo performance of 
the katydid's song; it is delightful, rhyth- 
mic, and sleep-inspiring; it begins in the 
late afternoon and continues all night un- 
til the early, cold hours of the approach- 
ing dawn. The vivacity of the music de- 
pends upon the temperature, as the notes 
are given much more rapidly during the 
hot nights. 

" So far as we know, this snowy tree 
cricket is the only one of the insect mu- 
sicians that seems conscious of the fact 
that he belongs to an orchestra. If you 
listen on a September evening, you will 
hear the first player begin; soon another 




The snowy tree cricket 

will join, but not in harmony at first. For 
some time there may be a seesaw of ac- 
cented and unaccented notes; but after a 
while the two will be in unison; perhaps 



not, however, until many more players 
have joined the concert. When the rhyth- 
mical beat is once established, it is in as 
perfect time as if governed by the baton of 




Eggs of the snowy tree cricket, laid in rasp- 
berry cane; c and d, egg enlarged 

a Damrosch or a Thomas. The throbbing 
of the cricket heart of September, it has 
been fitly named. Sometimes an injudi- 
cious player joins the chorus at the wrong 
beat, but" he soon discovers his error and 
rectifies it. Sometimes, also, late at night, 
one part of the orchestra in an orchard gets 
out of time with the majority, and discord 
may continue for some moments, as if 
the players were too cold and too sleepy 
to pay good attention. This delectable 
concert begins usually in the late after- 
noons and continues without ceasing un- 
til just before dawn the next morning. 
Many times I have heard the close of the 
concert; with the " wee sma ' hours the 
rhythmic beat becomes slower; toward 
dawn there is a falling off in the number 
of players; the beat is still slower, and the 
notes are hoarse, as if the fiddlers were 
tired and cold; finally, when only two or 
three are left the music stops abruptly." 
(Ways of the Six-footed, Comstock.) 



350 ANIMALS 

The lesson on this cricket may be 

adapted from that on the black cricket. 

SUGGESTED READING Insect Pests of 



Farm, Garden and Orchard, by E. D. 
Sanderson and L. M. Peaks; also, read- 
ings on page 300. 



THE COCKROACH 




The American cockroach 

Cockroaches in our kitchens are un- 
doubtedly an unmitigated nuisance, and 
yet, as in many other instances, when we 
come to consider the individual cockroach, 
we find him an interesting fellow and ex- 
ceedingly well adapted for living in our 
kitchens despite us. 

In shape, the cockroach is flat, and is 
thus well adapted to slide beneath uten- 
sils and into crevices and corners. Its cov- 
ering is smooth and polished like patent 
leather, and this makes it slippery and en- 
ables it to get into food without becoming 
clogged by the adherence of any sticky 
substance. The antennae are very long and 
flexible and can be bent in any direction. 
They may be placed far forward to touch 
things which the insect is approaching, or 
may be placed over the back in order to 
be out of the way. They are like graceful, 
living threads, and the cockroach tests its 



whole environment with their aid. The 
mouth has two pairs of palpi or feelers, 
one of which is very long and noticeable; 
these are kept in constant motion as if 
to test the appetizing qualities of food. 
The mouth-parts are provided with jaws 
for biting and, like all insect jaws, these 
work sidewise instead of up and down. 
The eyes are black but not prominent or 
large, and seem to be merely a part of the 
sleek, polished head-covering. 

Some species of cockroaches have wings, 
and some do not. Those which have wings 
have the upper pair thickened and used 
for wing covers. The under pair are thin- 
ner and are laid in plaits like a fan. The 
wing covers are as polished as the body 
and quite as successful in shedding dirt. 

The legs are armed with long spines 
which are very noticeable and might prove 
to be a disadvantage in accumulating filth; 
but they are polished also; and too, this 
insect spends much time at its toilet. 

Cockroaches run " like a streak/' chil- 
dren say; so speedily, indeed, do they go 
that they escape our notice, although we 
may be looking directly at them. This 
celerity in vanishing, saves many a cock- 
roach from being crushed by an avenging 
foot. 

When making its toilet, the cockroach 
draws its long antenna through its jaws 




The Crown bug 

a, b, c, d, successive stages of development; e, adult; 
/, adult female laying b.er ssse of egss, 3&gt; the egg case; 
h, adult with the wings spread 



INSECTS 



35* 



as if it were a whiplash, beginning at the 
base and finishing at the tip. It cleans 
each leg by beginning near the body and 
so stroking downward the long spines 
which seem to shut against the leg. It 
nibbles its feet clean to the very claws, 
and scrubs its head vigorously with the 
front femur. 

The cockroach's eggs are laid in a mass 
enclosed in a pod-shaped covering, which 
is waterproof and polished and protects 
its contents from dampness. 

Like the grasshopper, the cockroach has 
an incomplete metamorphosis; that is, the 
young insect when hatched from the egg 
resembles the adults in shape and general 
appearance, but is of course quite small. 

When the cockroaches, or the Croton 
bugs, as the small introduced species of 
cockroach is called, once become estab- 
lished in a house, one way to get rid of 
them is to fumigate the kitchen; this is a 
dangerous performance and should be 
done only by an expert. In storerooms and 
dwelling houses sprinkling the runways 
liberally with sodium fluoride has proved 
very successful; this can be done by any- 
one, although great care should be exer- 
cised, for sodium fluoride is somewhat 
poisonous to man. 

SUGGESTED READING Insects Injurious 
to the Household and Annoying to Man, 
by Glenn W. Herrick; also, readings on 
page 300. 

LESSON 83 
THE COCKROACH 

LEADING THOUGHT The cockroach is 
adapted for living in crevices, and al- 



though its haunts may be anything but 
clean, the cockroach keeps itself quite 
clean. The American species live in fields 
and woods and under stones and sticks 
and only occasionally venture into dwell- 
ings. The species that infest our kitchens 
and water-pipes are European. 

METHOD Place a cockroach in a vial 
with bread, potato, or some other food, 
cork the vial, and pass it around so that 
the children may observe the prisoner at 
their leisure. 

OBSERVATIONS i. What is the gen- 
eral shape of the cockroach? Why is this 
an advantage? What is the texture of its 
covering? Why is this an advantage? 

2. Describe the antennas and the way 
they are used. Note the two little pairs 
of feelers at the mouth. If possible, see 
how they are used when the cockroach is 
inspecting something to eat. Can you see 
whether its mouth is fitted for biting, lap- 
ping, or sucking its food? 

3. Note the eyes. Are they as large and 
prominent as those of the bees or butter- 
flies? 

4. Has this cockroach wings? If so, how 
many and what are they like? Note two 
little organs at the end of the body. These 
are the cerci, like those of the crickets. 

5. Describe the general appearance of 
the cockroach's legs, and tell what you 
think about its ability as a runner. 

6. Note how the cockroach cleans it- 
self and how completely and carefully this 
act is performed. Have you ever seen a 
cockroach's eggs? If so, describe them. 

7. How can you get rid of cockroaches 
if they invade your kitchen? 



THE APHIDS OR PLANT LICE 



I know of no more diverting occupation 
than watching a colony of aphids through 
a lens. These insects are the most help- 
less and amiable little ninnies in the whole 
insect world; and they look the part, prob- 
ably because their eyes, so large and wide 
apart, seem so innocent and wondering. 
The usual color of aphids is green; but 
there are many species which are other- 



wise colored, and some have most bizarre 
and striking ornamentations. In looking 
along an infested leafstalk, we see them 
in all stages and positions. One may have 
thrust its beak to the hilt in a plant stem, 
and be so satisfied and absorbed in sucking 
the juice that its hind feet are lifted high 
in the air and its antennae curved back- 
ward, making all together a gesture which 




ANIMALS 



Grace H. Griswold 

Aphids on a nasturtium 

seems an adequate expression of bliss; an- 
other may conclude to seek a new well, 
and pull up its sucking tube, folding it 
back underneath the body so it will be out 
of the way, and walk off slowly on its six 
rather stiff legs; when thus moving, it 
thrusts the antennae forward, patting its 
pathway to insure safety. Perhaps this 
pathway may lead over other aphids which 
are feeding, but this does not deter the 
traveler or turn it aside; over the backs 
of the obstructionists it crawls, at which 
the disturbed ones kick the intruder with 
both hind legs; it is not a vicious kick but 
a push rather, which says, " This seat re- 
served, please! " It is comical to see a row 
of them sucking a plant stem " for dear 
life," the heads all in the same direction, 
and they packed in and around each other 
as if there were no other plants in the 
world to give them room, the little ones 
wedged in between the big ones, until 
sometimes some of them are obliged to 
rest their hind legs on the antennae of the 
neighbors next behind. 

Aphids seem to be born to serve as 
food for other creatures they are sim- 
ply little machines for making sap into 
honeydew, which they produce from the 
alimentary canal for the delectation of 
ants; they are, in fact, merely little ani- 
mated drops of sap on legs. How helpless 
they are when attacked by any one of their 
many enemies! All they do, when they 
are seized, is to claw the air with their six 
impotent legs and two antennas, keeping 
up this performance as long as there is 



a leg left, and apparently to the very last 
never realizing " what is doing/' But they 
are not without means of defense; those 
two little tubes at the end of the body are 
not for ornament or for producing honey- 
dew for the ants, but for secreting at their 
tips a globule of waxy substance which 
smears the eyes of the attacking insect. 
I once saw an aphid perform this act, 
when confronted by a baby spider; a drop 
of yellow liquid oozed out of one tube, 
and the aphid almost stood on its head 
in order to thrust this offensive globule 
directly into the face of the spider the 
whole performance reminding me of a 
boy who shakes his clenched fist in his 
opponent's face and says, " Smell of that! " 
The spider beat a hasty retreat. 

A German scientist, Mr. Busgen, dis- 
covered that a plant louse smeared the 
eyes and jaws of its enemy the aphis lion 
with this wax, which dried as soon as ap- 
plied. In action it was something like 
throwing a basin of paste at the head of 
the attacking party; the aphis lion thus 
treated was obliged to stop and clean itself 
before it could go on with its hunt, and 
the aphid walked off in safety. The aphids 
surely need this protection because they 
have two fierce enemies, the larva? of the 
aphis lions and the larvae of the ladybirds. 
They are also the victims of parasitic in- 
sects; a tiny four-winged " fly " lays an egg 
within an aphid; the larva hatching from 
it feeds upon the inner portions of the 
aphid, causing it to swell as if afflicted 
with dropsy. Later the aphid dies, and the 
interloper with malicious impertinence 
cuts a neat circular door in the poor 
aphid's skeleton skin and issues from it a 
full-fledged insect. 




Bureau of Ent., U. S. D A. 

An aphid parasite laying its eggs within an 
aphid } enlarged 



INSECTS 

The aphids are not without their re- 
sources to meet the exigencies of their 
lives in colonies. There are several dis- 
tinct forms in each species, and they seem 
to be needed for the general good. Dur- 
ing the summer, we find most of the 
aphids on plants are without wings; these 
are females which give birth to living 
young and do not lay eggs. They do this 
until the plant is overstocked and* the food 
supply seems to be giving out; then an- 
other form which has four wings is pro- 
duced. These fly away to some other 
plant and start a colony there; but at the 
approach of cold weather, or if the food 
plants give out, male and female individu- 
als are developed, the females being al- 
ways wingless, and it is their office to lay 
the eggs which shall last during the long 
winter months, when the living aphids 
must die for lack of food plants. The next 
spring each winter egg hatches into a fe- 
male which we call the " stem mother " 
since she with her descendants will popu- 
late the entire plant. 

Plant lice vary in their habits. Some live 
in the ground on the roots of plants and 
are very destructive; but the greater num- 
ber of species live on the foliage of plants 
and are very fond of the young, tender 
leaves and thus do great damage. Some 
aphids have their bodies covered with 
white powder or with tiny fringes, which 
give them the appearance of being cov- 
ered with cotton; these are called " woolly 
aphids." 

The aphids injuring our flowers and 
plants may, in general, be killed by spray- 
ing them with nicotine sulfate in the pro- 
portion of one teaspoonful to one gallon 
of water in which three or four ounces 
of soap have been dissolved. The spraying 
must be done very thoroughly so as to 
reach all the aphids hidden on the stems 
and beneath the leaves. A second applica- 
tion may be necessary in three or four 
days. 

SUGGESTED READING Holiday Pond, 
by Edith M. Patch; Insect Pests of Farm, 
Garden and Orchard, by E. D. Sanderson 
and L. M. Peairs; also, readings on 
page 300. 



353 

LESSON 84 
THE APHIDS on PLANT LICE 

LEADING THOUGHT Aphids have the 
mouth in the form of a sucking-tube which 
is thrust into the stems and leaves of 
plants; through it the plant juices are 




Grace H. Griswold 

A parasite emerging from a geranium aphid., 
enlarged 

drawn for nourishment. Aphids are the 
source of honeydew of which ants are 
fond. 

METHOD Bring into the schoolroom 
a plant infested with aphids, place the 
stem in water, and let the pupils examine 
the insects through the lens. 

OBSERVATIONS i . How are the aphids 
settled on the leaf? Are their heads in 
the same direction? What are they doing? 

2. Touch one and make it move along. 
What does it do in order to leave its 
place? What does it do with its sucking- 
tube as it walks off? On what part of the 
plant was it feeding? Why does not Paris 
green when applied to the leaves of plants 
kill aphids? 

3. Describe an aphid, including its eyes, 
antennae, legs, and tubes upon the back. 
Does its color protect it from observation? 

4. Can you see cast skins of aphids on 
the plant? Why does an aphid have to 
shed its skin? 

5. Are all the aphids on a plant wing- 
less? When a plant becomes dry, are there, 
after several days, more winged aphids? 
Why do the aphids need wings? 

6. Do you know what honeydew is? 
Have you ever seen it upon the leaf? How 
is honeydew made by the aphids? Does it 



354 ANIMALS 

come from the tubes on their back? What 
insects feed upon this honeydew? 

7. What insect enemies have the 
aphids? 

8. What damage do aphids do to 
plants? How can you clean plants of 
plant lice? 



I saw it [an ant], at first, pass, without 
stopping, some aphids which it did not, 
however, disturb. It shortly after stationed 
itself near one of the smallest, and ap- 
peared to caress it, by touching the ex- 
tremity of its body, alternately with its 
antennae, with an extremely rapid move- 



ment. I saw, with much surprise, the fluid 
proceed from the body of the aphid, and 
the ant take it in its mouth. Its antennas 
were afterwards directed to a much larger 
aphid than the first, which, on being ca- 
ressed after the same manner, discharged 
the nourishing fluid in greater quantity, 
which the ant immediately swallowed; it 
then passed to a third which it caressed, 
lilce the preceding, by giving it several gen- 
tle blows, with the antenna*, on the pos- 
terior extremity of the body; and the liquid 
was ejected at the same moment, and the 
ant lapped it up. 

PIERRE HUBER, 1810 



THE ANT LION 



A child is thrilled with fairy stories of 
ogres in their dens, with the bones of their 
victims strewn around. The ants have real 




Pitfall of an ant lion 

ogres, but luckily they do not know about 
it and so cannot suffer from agonizing 
fears. The ant ogres seem to have de- 
pended upon the fact that the ant is so 
absorbed in her work that she carries her 
booty up hill and down dale with small 
regard for the topography of the country. 
By instinct they build pits which will 
someday be entered by ants obsessed by 
industry and careless of what lies in the 
path. The pits vary with the size of the 
ogre at the bottom; there are as many sized 
pits as there are beds in the story of 
Golden Locks and the bears; often the pits 
are not more than an inch across, or even 
less, while others are two inches in diame- 
ter. They are always made in sandy or 
crumbly soil and in a place protected from 
wind and rain; they vary in depth in pro- 
portion to their width, for the slope is al- 
ways as steep as the soil will stand without 
slipping. 



All that can be seen of the ogre at the 
bottom is a pair of long, curved jaws, look- 
ing innocent enough at the very center of 
the pit. If we dig the creature out, we find 
it a comical looking insect. It is hump- 
backed, with a big, spindle-shaped abdo- 
men; from its great awkward body pro- 
jects a flat, sneaking looking head, armed 
in front with the sickle jaws, which are 
spiny and bristly near the base, and 
smooth, sharp, and curved at the tip. The 
strange thing about these jaws is that they 
lead directly to the throat, since the ant 
lion has no mouth. Each jaw is made up 
of two pieces which are grooved where 
they join and thus form a tube with a hole 
in the tip through which the industrious 
blood of the ants can be sucked; not only 
do the sharp sickle points hold the victim, 
but there are three teeth along the side of 
each jaw to help with this. The two front 
pairs of legs are small and spiny; the hind 




Ant lion with its cocoon and larva 



INSECTS 



355 



legs are strong and peculiarly twisted, and 
have a sharp spikelike claw at the end, 
which is so arranged as to push the insect 
backward vigorously if occasion requires; 
in fact, the ant lion in walking about 
moves more naturally backward than for- 
ward because of the peculiar structure of 
his legs. 

Having studied the ogre, we can see bet- 
ter how he manages to trap his victim. As 
the ant goes scurrying along, she rushes 
over the edge of the pit and at once be- 
gins to slide downward; she is frightened 
and struggles to get back; just then a jet 
of sand, aimed well from the bottom of 
the pit, hits her and knocks her back. She 
still struggles, and there follows a fusillade 
of sand jets, each hitting her from above 
and knocking her down to the fatal center 
where the sickle jaws await her and are 
promptly thrust into her; if she is large 
and still struggles, the big, unwieldy body 
of the ogre, buried in the sand, anchors 
him fast and his peculiar, crooked hind 
legs push his body backward in this 
strange tug of war; thus, the ant ogre is 
not dragged out of his den by the struggles 
of the ant, and soon the loss of blood 
weakens her and she shrivels up. 

The secret of the jets of sand lies in the 
flat head of the ogre; if we look at it re- 
garding it as a shovel, we can see that it is 
well fitted for its purpose; for it is a shovel 
with a strong mechanism working it. In 
fact, the whole pit is dug with this shovel 
head. Wonderful stories are told about 
the way that ant lions dig their pits, mark- 
ing out the outer margin in a circle, and 
working inward. However, our common 
ant lion of the East simply digs down into 
the sand and flips the sand out until it 
makes a pit. If an ant lion can be caught 
and put in a jar of sand it will soon make 
its pit, and the process may be noted care- 
fully. 

There is one quality in the ogre which 
merits praise, and that is his patience. 
There he lies in his hole for days or per- 
haps weeks, with nothing to eat and no 
ant coming that way; so when we see an 
absent-minded ant scrambling over into 
the pit, let us think of the empty stomach 



of this patient little engineer who has 
constructed his pit with such accuracy and 
so much labor. So precarious is the living 
picked up by the ant lions, that it may re- 
quire one, two, or three years to bring one 
to maturity. At that time it makes a per- 
fectly globular cocoon of silk and sand, 
the size of a large pea, and within it 
changes to a pupa; and when finally ready 
to emerge, the pupa pushes itself part way 
out of the cocoon, and the skin is shed 
and left at the cocoon door. The adult re- 
sembles a small dragonfly; it has large net- 
veined wings and is a most graceful insect, 
as different as can be from the hump- 
backed ogre wilich it once was a trans- 
formation quite as marvelous as that 
\vhich occurred in Beauty and the Beast. 
Throughout the Middle West, the 
ant lion in its pit is called the " doodle- 
bug." 

SUGGESTED READING Interesting 
Neighbors, by Oliver P. Jenkins; also, read- 
ings on page 300. 

LESSON 85 
THE ANT LION 

LEADING THOUGHT The ant lion or 
"doodlebug" makes a little pit in the 
sand with very steep sides, and hidden at 
the bottom of it, waits for ants to tumble 
in to be seized by its waiting jaws. Later 
the ant lion changes to a beautiful insect 
with gauzy wings, resembling a small 
dragonfly. 

METHOD The pupils should see the 
ant lion pits in their natural situations, but 
the insects may be studied in the school- 
room. Some of the ant lions may be dug 
out of their pits and placed in a dish of 
sand. They will soon make their pits, and 
may be watched during this interesting 
process. It is hardly advisable to try to rear 
these insects, as they may require two or 
three years for development. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Where were the ant 
lion pits out of doors? Were they in a 
windy place? Were they in a place pro- 
tected from storms? In what kind of soil 
were they made? 

2. Measure one of the pits. How broad 



356 



ANIMALS 



across was it and how deep? Are all the 
pits of the same size? Why not? 

3. What can you see as you look down 
into the ant lion's pit? Roll a tiny pebble 
in and see what happens. Watch until an 
ant comes hurrying along and slips into 
the pit. What happens then? As she strug- 
gles to get out how is she knocked back in? 
What happens to her if she falls to the 
bottom? 

4. Take a trowel and dig out the doodle- 
bug. What is the shape of its body? What 
part of the insect did you see at the bot- 
tom of the pit? Do you know that these 
great sickle-shaped jaws are hollow tubes 
for sucking blood? Does the ant lion eat 
anything except the blood of its victim? 

5. Can you see that the ant lion moves 



backward more easily than forward? How 
are its hind legs formed to help push it 
backward? How does this help the ant lion 
in holding its prey? How does the big awk- 
ward body of the ant lion help to hold it 
in place at the bottom of the pit when it 
seizes an ant in its jaws? 

6. What shape is the ant lion's head? 
How does it use this head in taking its 
prey? In digging its pit? 

7. Take a doodlebug to the school- 
room., place it in a dish of sand covered 
with glass, and watch it build its pit in 
the sand. 

8. Read in the entomological books 
about the cocoon of the ant lion and what 
the adult looks like, and then write an 
ant lion autobiography. 



THE MOTHER LACEWING AND THE APHIS LION 



Flitting leisurely through the air on her 
green gauze wings, the lacewing seems like 
a filmy leaf, broken loose and drifting on 
the breeze. But there is purpose in her 




Aphis lion. Larva, eggs, cocoon, and the adult 
lacewing 

flight, and through some instinct she is en- 
abled to seek out an aphis-ridden plant or 
tree, to which she comes as a friend in 
need. As she alights upon a leaf, she is 
scarcely discernible because of the pale 
green of her delicate body and wings; 
however, her great globular eyes that 
shine like gold attract the attention of the 



careful observer. But though she is so 
fairy-like in appearance, if you pick her 
up, you will be sorry if your sense of smell 
is keen, for she exhales a most disagree- 
able odor when disturbed a habit which 
probably protects her from birds or other 
creatures which might otherwise eat her. 

However, if we watch her we shall see 
that she is a canny creature despite her 
frivolous appearance; her actions are 
surely peculiar. A drop of sticky fluid is- 
sues from the tip of her body, and she 
presses it down on the surface of the leaf; 
then lifting up her slender abdomen like 
a distaff, she spins the drop into a thread 
a half inch long or more, which the 
air soon dries; and this silken thread is 
stiff enough to sustain an oblong egg, as 
large as the point of a pin, which she lays 
at the very tip of it. This done she lays 
another egg in a like manner, and when 
she is through, the leaf looks as if it were 
covered with spore cases of a glittering 
white mold. This done she flies off and 
disports herself in the sunshine, care free, 
knowing that she has done all she can for 
her family. 

After a few days the eggs begin to look 
dark, and then if we examine them with 
a lens T we may detect that they contain 



INSECTS 

little doubled-up creatures. The first we 
see of the egg inmate as it hatches is a 
pair of jaws thrust through the shell, open- 
ing it for a peephole; a little later the 
owner of the jaws, after resting a while 
with an eye on the world which he is so 
soon to enter, pushes out his head and 
legs and drags out a tiny, long body, very 
callow looking and clothed in long, soft 
hairs. At first the little creature crawls 
about his eggshell, clinging tightly with 
all his six claws, as if fearful of such a dizzy 
height above his green floor; then he 
squirms around a little and thrusts out a 
head inquiringly while still hanging on 
" for dear life/' Finally he gains courage 
and prospects around until he discovers 
his egg stalk, and then begins a rope climb- 
ing performance, rather difficult for a little 
chap not more than ten minutes old. He 
takes a careful hold with his front claws, 
the two other pairs of legs carefully bal- 
ancing for a second, and then desperately 
seizing the stalk with all his clasping 
claws, and with many new grips and 
panics, he finally achieves the bottom in 
safety. As if dazed by his good luck, he 
stands still for a time, trying to make up 
his mind what has happened and what 
to do next; he settles the matter by trot- 
ting off to make his first breakfast of 
aphids; and now we can see that it is a 
lucky thing for his brothers and sisters, 
still unhatched, that they are high above 
his head and out of reach, for he might 
not be discriminating in the matter of 
his breakfast food, never having met any 
of his family before. He is a queer looking 
little insect, spindle-shaped and with pe- 
culiarly long, sickle-shaped jaws project- 
ing from his head. Each of these jaws is 
made up of two pieces joined lengthwise 
so as to make a hollow tube, which has 
an opening at the tip of the jaw, and an- 
other one at the base which leads directly 
to the little lion's throat. Watch him as 
he catches an aphid; seizing the stupid 
little bag of sap in his great pincers, he 
lifts it high in the air, as if drinking a 
bumper, and sucks its green blood until it 
shrivels up, kicking a remonstrating leg 
to the last. It is my conviction that aphids 



357 

never realize when they are being eaten; 
they simply dimly wonder what is hap- 
pening. 

It takes a great many aphids to keep 
an aphis lion nourished* until he gets his 
growth; he grows like any other insect by 
shedding his skeleton skin when it be- 
comes too tight. Finally he doubles up 
and spins around himself a cocoon of glis- 
tening white silk, leaving it fastened to 
the leaf; when it is finished, it looks like a 
seed pearl, round and polished. I wish 
some child would watch an aphis lion 
weave its cocoon and tell us how it is 
done! After a time, a week or two perhaps, 
a round little hole is cut in the cocoon, and 
there issues from it a lively little green 
pupa, with wing pads on its back; but it 
very soon sheds its pupa skin and issues 
as a beautiful lacewing fly with golden 
eyes and large, filmy, iridescent, pale green 
wings. 

SUGGESTED READING Interesting 
Neighbors, by Oliver P. Jenkins; Insect 
People, by Eleanor King and Wellmer 
Pessels; also, readings on page 300. 



LESSON 86 

THE MOTHER LACEWING AND THE APHIS 
LION 

LEADING THOUGHT The lacewing fly 
or goldeneyes, as she is called, is the 
mother of the aphis lion. She lays her eggs 
on the top of stiff, silken stalks. The 
young aphis lions when hatched, clamber 
down upon the leaf and feed upon plant 
lice, sucking their blood through their 
tubular jaws. 

METHOD Through July and until 
frost, the aphis lions may be found on al- 
most any plant infested with plant lice; 
and the lacewing's eggs or eggshells on 
the long stalks are also readily found. All 
these may be brought to the schoolroom. 
Place the stem of a plant infested with 
aphids in a jar of water, and the acts of the 
aphis lions as well as the habits of the 
aphids may be observed at convenient 
times by all the pupils. 

OBSERVATIONS i . When you see a leaf 
with some white mold upon it, examine it 



ANIMALS 



with a lens; the mold is likely to be the 
eggs of the lacewing. Is the egg as large 
as a pinhead? What is its shape? What is 
its color? How long is the stalk on which 
it is placed? Of what material do you think 
the stalk is made? Why do you suppose 
the lacewing mother lays her eggs on the 
tips of stalks? Are there any of these eggs 
near each other on the leaf? 

2. If the egg is not empty , observe 
through a lens how the young aphis lion 
breaks its eggshell and climbs down. 

3. Watch an aphis lion among the 
plant lice. How does it act? Do the aphids 
seem afraid? Does the aphis lion move 
rapidly? How does it act when eating an 
aphid? 

4. What is the general shape of the 
aphis lion? Describe the jaws. Do you 



think these jaws are used for chewing, or 
merely as tubes through which the green 
blood of the aphids is sucked? Do the 
aphis lions ever attack each other or other 
insects? How does the aphis lion differ 
in appearance from the ladybird larva? 

5. What happens to the aphis lion after 
it gets its growth? Describe its cocoon if 
you can find one. 

6. Describe the little lacewing fly that 
comes from the cocoon. Why is she called 
goldeneyes? Why lacewing? Does she fly 
rapidly? Do you suppose that if she should 
lay her eggs flat on a leaf, the first aphis 
lion that hatched would run about and eat 
all its little brothers and sisters which were 
still in their eggshells? How do the aphis 
lions benefit our rose bushes and other 
cultivated plants? 



THE HOUSEFLY 




:,: - J 

Dept. of Entomology, Cornell U. 

The housefly 

The housefly is one of the most cosmo- 
politan members of the animal kingdom. 
It flourishes in every land, plumping itself 
down in front of us at table, whether we 
be eating rice in Hong Kong, dhura in 
Egypt, macaroni in Italy, pie in America, 
or tamales in Mexico. There it sits, im- 
pertinent and imperturbable, taking its 
toll, letting down its long elephant-trunk 
tongue, rasping and sucking up such of 
our meal as fits its needs. As long as we 
simply knew it as a thief we, during untold 
ages, merely slapped it and shooed it, 



which effort on our part apparently gave 
it exhilarating exercise. But during recent 
years we have begun trapping and poison- 
ing, trying to match our brains against its 
agility; although we slay it by thousands, 
we seem only to make more room for its 
well-fed progeny of the future, and in the 
end we seem to have gained nothing. But 
the most recent discoveries of science have 
revealed to us that what the housefly takes 
of our food is of little consequence com- 
pared with what it leaves behind. Because 
of this we have girded up our loins and 
gone into battle in earnest. 

I have always held that nature-study 
should follow its own peaceful path and 
not be the slave of economic science. But 
occasionally it seems necessary, when it is 
a question of creating public sentiment, 
and of cultivating public intelligence in 
combating a great peril, to make nature- 
study a handmaiden, if not a slave, in this 
work. If our woods were filled with wolves 
and bears, as they were in the days of my 
grandfather, I should give nature-study 
lessons on these animals which would lead 
to their subjugation. Bears and wolves 
trouble us no more; but now we have 
enemies far more subtle, in the ever pres- 



INSECTS 



359 



ent microbes, which we may never hope to 
conquer but which, with proper precau- 
tions, we may render comparatively harm- 
less. Thus, our nature-study with" insects 
which carry disease, like the mosquitoes, 
flies, and fleas, must be a reconnaissance 
for a war of extermination; the fighting 
tactics may be given in lessons on health 
and hygiene. 

Perhaps if a fly were less wonderfully 
made, it would be a less convenient vehi- 
cle for microbes. Its eyes are two great, 
brown spheres on either side of the head, 
and are composed of thousands of tiny 
six-sided eyes that give information of 
what is coming in any direction; in addi- 
tion, it has on top of the head, looking 
straight up, three tiny, shining, simple 
eyes, which cannot be seen without a lens. 
Its antennae are peculiar in shape, and are 
sense organs; it is attracted from afar by 
certain odors, and so far as we can dis- 
cover, its antennae are all the nose it has. 
Its mouth-parts are all combined to make 
a most amazing and efficient organ for get- 
ting food; at the tip are two flaps, which 
can rasp a substance so as to set free the 
juices, and above this is a tube, through 
which the juices may be drawn to the 
stomach. This tube is extensible, being 
conveniently jointed so that it can be 
folded under the " chin " when not in use. 
This is usually called the fly's tongue, but 
it is really all the mouth-parts combined, 
as if a boy had his lips, teeth, and tongue, 
standing out from his face, at the end of 
a tube a foot long. 

The thorax can be easily studied; it 
is striped black and white above and 
bears the two wings, and the two little 
flaps called balancers, which are probably 
remnants of hind wings with which the 
remote ancestors of flies flew. The fly's 
wing is a transparent but strong mem- 
brane strengthened by veins, and is pret- 
tily iridescent. The thorax bears on its 
lower side the three pairs of legs. The ab- 
domen consists of five segments and is 
covered with stiff hairs. The parts of the 
leg seen when the fly is walking consist of 
three segments, the last segment or tarsus 
being more slender; if looked at with a 



lens the tarsus is seen to be composed of 
five segments, the last of w r hich bears the 
cla\vs; it is with these claws that the fly 
walks, although all of the five segments 
really form the foot; in other words, it 
walks on its tiptoes. But it clings to ceil- 
ings by means of the two little pads below 
the claws, which are covered with hairs 
that excrete at the tips a sticky fluid. 
Chiefly because of the hairs on its feet, 
the fly becomes a carrier of microbes and 
a menace to health. 

The greatest grudge I have against this 
little, persistent companion of our house- 
hold is the way it has misled us by appear- 
ing to be so fastidious in its personal 
habits. We have all of us seen, with curi- 
osity and admiration, its complex ablu- 
tions and brushings. It usually begins, logi- 
cally, with its front feet, the hands; these 
it cleans by rubbing them against each 
other lengthwise. The hairs and spines on 





At the left is the head of a housefly showing 
eyes, antenna?, and mouth parts. At the right 
is a much enlarged foot of the fly 

one leg act as a brush for the other, and 
then, lest they be not clean, it nibbles 
them with its rasping disc, which is all the 
teeth it has. It then cleans its head with 
these clean hands, rubbing them over its 
big eyes with a vigor that makes us wink 
simply to contemplate; then bobbing its 
head down so as to reach what is literally 
its back hair, it brushes valiantly. After this 
is done, it reaches forward first one and 
then the other foot of the middle pair of 
legs, and taking each in turn between 
the front feet, brushes it vigorously, and 
maybe nibbles it. But as a pair of military 
brushes, its hind feet are conspicuously ef- 
ficient; they clean each other by being 
rubbed together and then they work simul- 
taneously on each side in cleaning the 
wings, first the under side and then the 



360 



ANIMALS 



upper side. Then over they come and 
comb the top of the thorax; then they 
brush the sides, top, and under sides of 
the abdomen, cleaning each other be- 
tween the acts. Who, after witnessing all 
this, could believe that the fly could leave 
any tracks on our food which would lead 
to our undoing! But the housefly, like 
many housekeepers with the best inten- 
tions in the matter of keeping clean, has 
not mastered the art of getting rid of the 
microbes. Although it has so many little 
eyes, none of them can magnify a germ so 
as to make it visible; and thus it is that, 




Cornell Extension Bulletin 

The larva, or maggot, and the pupa of a 
housefly, much enlarged 

when feeding around where there have 
been cases of typhoid and other diseases, 
the housefly's little claws become infested 
with disease germs; and when it stops 
some day to clean up on our table, it 
leaves the germs with us. In recent years 
the fly has been conspicuous in spreading 
amoebic dysentery. Our only safety lies in 
the final extermination of this little nui- 
sance. 

It is astonishing how few people know 
about the growth of flies. People of the 
highest intelligence in other matters, 
think that a small fly can grow into a large 
one. A fly when it comes from the pupa 
stage is as large as it will ever be, the young 
stages of flies being maggots. The house- 
fly's eggs are little, white, elongated bodies 
about as large as the point of a pin. These 
are laid preferably in horse manure. After 
a few hours, they hatch into slender, 
pointed, white maggots which feed upon 
the excrement. After five or six days, the 
larval skin thickens and turns brown, mak- 
ing the insect look like a small grain of 
wheat. This is the pupal stage, which lasts 
about five days, and then the skin bursts 
open and the full-grown fly appears. Of 
course, not all the flies multiply according 
to the example given to the children in 
the following lesson. The housefly has 



many enemies and, therefore, probably no 
one hibernating mother fly is the ances- 
tress of billions by September; however, 
despite enemies, flies multiply with great 
rapidity. 

I know of no more convincing experi- 
ment as an example of the dangerous trail 
of the fly, than that of letting a housefly 
walk over a saucer of nutrient gelatin. 
After three or four days, each track is 
plainly visible as a little white growth of 
bacteria. 

Much is being done now to eradicate 
the housefly, and undoubtedly there will 
be new methods of fighting it devised 
every year. The teacher should keep in 
touch with the bulletins on this subject 
published by the United States Depart- 
ment of Agriculture, and should give the 
pupils instructions according to the latest 
ideas. At present the following are the 
methods of fighting this pest: Keep prem- 
ises clean and place food and waste mate- 
rials under cover. All of the windows of 
the house should be well screened. All the 
flies which get into the house should be 
killed by using commercial flypaper, 
sprays, or swatters. 

SUGGESTED READING Common Pests, 
by Rennie W. Doane; Insects Injurious to 
the Household and Annoying to Man, by 
Glenn W. Herrick; Nature by Seaside 
and Wayside, by Mary G. Phillips and 
Julia M. Wright, Book 2, Some Animal 
Neighbors; also, readings on page 300. 

LESSON 87 
THE HOUSEFLY 

LEADING THOUGHT The housefly has 
conquered the world and is found prac- 
tically everywhere. It breeds in filth and 
especially in horse manure. It is very pro- 
lific; the few flies that manage to pass the 
winter in this northern climate are the 
ancestors of the millions which attack us 
and our food later in the season. These are 
a menace to health because they carry 
germs of disease from sputa and excre- 
ment to our tables, leaving them upon our 
food. 

METHOD Give out the questions for 



observation and let the pupils answer 
them either orally or in their notebooks. If 
possible, every pupil should look at a 
housefly through a lens or microscope. If 
this is not possible, pictures should be 
shown to demonstrate its appearance. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Look at a fly, using 
a lens if you have one. Describe its eyes. 
Do you see that they have a honeycomb 
arrangement of little eyes? Can you see, 
on top of the head between the big eyes, 
a dot? A microscope reveals this dot to be 
made of three tiny eyes, huddled together. 
After seeing a fly's eyes, do you wonder 
that you have so much difficulty in hitting 
it or catching it? 

2. Can you see the fly's antennse? Do 
you think that it has a keen sense of smell? 
Why? 

3. How many wings has the fly? How 
does it differ from the bee in this respect? 
Can you see two little white objects, one 
just behind the base of each wing? These 
are called poisers, or balancers, and all 
flies have them in some form. What is 
the color of the wings? Are they trans- 
parent? Can you see the veins in them? 
On what part of the body do the wings 
grow? 

4. Look at the fly from below. How 
many legs has it? From what part of the 
body do the legs come? What is that part 
of the insect's body called to which the 
legs and wings are attached? 

5. How does the fly's abdomen look? 
What is its color and its covering? 

6. Look at the fly's legs. How many 
segments can you see in a leg? Can you 
see that the segment on which the fly 
walks has several joints? Does it walk on 
all of these segments or on the one at the 
tip? 

7. When the fly eats, can you see its 
tongue? Can you feel its tongue when it 
rasps your hand? Where does it keep its 
tongue usually? 

8. Describe how a fly makes its toilet 
as follows: How does it clean its front 



INSECTS 361 

feet? Its head? Its middle feet? Its hind 



feet? Its wings? 

9. Do you know how flies carry disease? 
Did you ever see them making their toilet 
on your food at the table? Do you know 
what diseases are carried by flies? What 
must you do to prevent flies from bring- 
ing disease to your family? 

10. Do you think that a small fly ever 
grows to be a large fly? How do the young 
of all kinds of flies look? Do you know 
where the housefly lays its eggs?" On what 
do the maggots feed? How long before 
they change to pupae? How long does it 
take them to grow from eggs to flies? How 
do the houseflies in our northern climate 
pass the winter? 

1 1 . Lesson in Arithmetic It requires 
perhaps twenty days to span the time from 
the eggs of one generation of the housefly 
to the eggs of the next, and thus there 
might easily be five generations in one 
summer. Supposing the fly which win- 
tered behind the window curtain in your 
home last winter, flew out to the stables 
about May i and laid 120 eggs in the 
sweepings from the horse stable, all of 
which hatched and matured. Supposing 
one-half of these were mother flies and 
each of them, in turn, laid 120 eggs, and 
so on for five generations, all eggs laid 
developing into flies, and one-half of the 
flies of each generation being mother flies. 
How many flies would the fly that win- 
tered behind your curtain have produced 
by September? 

12. Pour some gelatin, unsweetened, 
on a clean plate. Let a housefly walk 
around on the gelatin as soon as it is 
cool; cover the plate to keep out the dust 
and leave it for two or three days. Exam- 
ine it then and see if you can tell where 
the fly walked. What did it leave in its 
tracks? 

13. Write an essay on the housefly, its 
dangers and how to combat it, basing the 
essay on bulletins of the United States 
Department of Agriculture. 



3 62 



ANIMALS 



THE COLORADO POTATO BEETLE 



The potato beetle is not a very attrac- 
tive insect, but it has many interesting 
peculiarities. No other common insect so 
clearly illustrates the advantage of warning 
colors. If we take a beetle in the hand, it 




M. V. Slingerland 

Adult Colorado potato beetles 

at first promptly falls upon its back, folds 
its legs and antennaa down close to its 
body, and " plays possum " in a very canny 
manner. But if we squeeze it a little, im- 
mediately an orange-red liquid is ejected 
on the hand, and a very ill-smelling liquid 
it is. If we press lightly, only a little of 
the secretion is thrown off; but if we 
squeeze harder it flows copiously. Thus a 
bird trying to swallow one of these beetles 
would surely get a large dose. The liquid 
is very distasteful to birds, and it is indeed 
a stupid bird that does not soon learn to 
let severely alone orange and yellow bee- 
tles striped with black. The source of this 
offensive and defensive juice is at first a 
mystery, but if we observe closely we can 
see it issuing along the hind edge of the 
thorax and the front portion of the wing 
covers; the glands in these situations se- 
crete the protective juice as it is needed. 
The larvae are also equipped with similar 
glands and, therefore, have the brazen 
habit of eating the leaves of our precious 
potatoes without attempting to hide. 
The life history of the potato beetle is 



briefly as follows: Some of the adult bee- 
tles or pupae winter beneath the surface 
of the soil, burrowing down a foot or more 
to escape freezing. As soon as the potato 
plants appear above ground the mother 
beetle comes out and lays her eggs upon 
the undersides of the leaves. These 
orange-yellow eggs are usually laid in clus- 
ters. In about a week there hatch from 
the eggs little yellow or orange hump- 
backed larvas, which begin at once to feed 
upon the leaves. These larva? grow, as do 
other insects, by shedding their skins. 
They do this four times, and during the 
last stages are very conspicuous insects on 
the green leaves; they are orange or yel- 
low with black dots along the sides, and 
so humpbacked are they that they seem to 
be " gathered with a puckering string " 
along the lower side. It requires from six- 
teen days to three weeks for a larva to com- 
plete its growth. It then descends into 
the earth and forms a little cell in which 
it changes to a pupa. It remains in this 
condition for one or two weeks, according 
to the temperature, and then the full- 
fledged beetle appears. The entire life 
cycle from egg to adult beetle may be 
passed in about a month, although if the 
weather is cold, this period will be longer. 
The beetles are very prolific, a mother 
beetle having been known to produce five 
hundred eggs, and there are two genera- 




M. V. Slingerland 

Eggs of the Colorado potato beetle 



INSECTS 



tions each year. These beetles damage the 
potato crop by stopping the growth 
through destroying the leaves, thus caus- 
ing the potatoes to be of inferior quality. 

The adult beetle is an excellent object 
lesson in the study of beetle form. Atten- 
tion should be called to the three regions 
of the body: a head ? which is bright 
orange; the compound eyes, which are 
black; and three simple eyes on the top 
of the head, which are difficult to see 
without a lens. The antennae are short, 
their joints easily noted, and special atten- 
tion should be paid to their use, for they 
are constantly moving to feel approaching 
objects. The two pairs of mouth palpi may 
be seen, and the beetle will eagerly eat 
raw potatoes, so that the pupils may see 
that it has biting mouth-parts. The tho- 
racic shield is orange, ornamented with 
black. The three pairs of legs are short, 
which is a proof that these beetles do not 
migrate on foot. The claws and the pads 
beneath can be seen with the naked eye. 
Each wing cover bears five yellow stripes, 
also five black ones, although the outside 
black stripe is rather narrow. These beetles 
are very successful flyers. During flight, 
the wing covers are raised and held mo- 
tionless while the gauzy wings beneath 
are unfolded and do the work. Children 
are always interested in seeing the way 
the beetles fold their wings beneath the 
wing covers. 

One of the most remarkable things 
about the Colorado potato beetle is its his- 
tory. It is one of the few insect pests which 
is native to America. It formerly fed upon 
sandbur, a wild plant allied to the potato, 
which grows in the region of Colorado, 
Arizona, and Mexico, and was a well-be- 
haved, harmless insect. With the advance 
of civilization westward, the potato came 
also, and proved to be an acceptable plant 
to this insect; and here we have an exam- 
ple of what an unlimited food supply will 
do for an insect species. The beetles mul- 
tiplied so much faster than their parasites, 
that it seemed at one time as if they would 
conquer the earth by moving on from po- 
tato field to potato field. They started on 
their march to the Atlantic seaboard in 




M. V. Slingerland 

Larvce of Colorado potato beetle 

judging by the numbers washed ashore, 
they sought to fly or swim across the 
Atlantic. 

SUGGESTED READING Insect Pests of 
Farm, Garden and Orchard, by E. D. San- 
derson and L. M. Peairs; also, readings on 
page 300. 

LESSON 88 
THE COLORADO POTATO BEETLE 

LEADING THOUGHT The Colorado po- 
tato beetle is a very- important insect, 
since it affects to some extent the price of 
potatoes each year. It is disagreeable as a 
food for birds, because of an acrid juice 
which it secretes. We should learn its life 
history and thus be able to deal with it 
intelligently in preventing its ravages. 

METHOD The study of the potato 
beetle naturally follows and belongs to gar- 
dening. The larvse should be brought into 
the schoolroom and placed in a breeding 
cage on leaves of the potato vine. Other 
plants may be put into the cage to prove 
that these insects prefer to eat the potato. 
The children should observe how r the 
larvae eat and how many leaves a full- 
grown larva will destroy in a day. Earth 
should be put in the bottom of the breed- 
ing cage so that the children may see the 
larvas descend and burrow into it. The 
adult beetles should be studied carefully, 
and the children should see the excretion 



1859; * n ^74 ^ey reached the coast, and of the acrid juice. 



364 ANIMALS 

OBSERVATIONS i. At what time do 
you see the potato beetles? Why are they 
more numerous in the fall than in the 
spring? Where do those which we find in 
the spring come from? What will they do 
if they are allowed to live? 

2. What is the shape of the potato bee- 
tle? Describe the markings on its head. 
What color are its eyes? Describe its an- 
tenna*. How are they constantly used? 
Can you see the palpi of the mouth? Give 
the beetle a bit of potato and note how 
it eats. 

3. What is the color of the shield of the 
thorax? Describe the legs. Do you think 
the beetle can run fast? Why not? How 
many segments has the foot? Describe the 
claws. Describe how it clings to the sides 
of a tumbler or bottle. 

4. If the beetle cannot walk rapidly, 
how does it travel? Describe the wing cov- 
ers. Why is this insect called the ten- 
lined potato beetle? 

5. Describe the wings. How are they 
folded when at rest? How are the wing 
covers carried when the beetle is flying? 

6. Take a beetle in your hand. What 
does it do? Of what advantage is it to the 
insect to pretend that it is dead? If you 



squeeze the beetle, what happens? How 
does the fluid which it ejects look and 
smell? Try to discover where this fluid 
comes from. Of what use is it to the bee- 
tle? Why will birds not eat the potato 
beetle? 

7. Where does the mother beetle 
lay her eggs? Are they laid singly or in 
clusters? What color are the eggs? How 
long is it after they are laid before they 
hatch? 

8. Describe the young larva when it 
first hatches. What color is it at first? Does 
it change color later? Describe the colors 
and markings of a full-grown larva. 

9. How does this larva injure the po- 
tato vines? Does it remain in sight while 
it is feeding? Does it act as if it were afraid 
of birds? Why is it not eaten by birds? 

10. Where does the larva go when it is 
full grown? How many times does it shed 
its skin during its growth? Does it make a 
little cell in the ground? How does the 
pupa look? Can you see in it the eyes, 
antennae, legs, and wings of the beetle? 

11. Write an English theme giving the 
history of the Colorado potato beetle, and 
the reasons for its migration from its na- 
tive place. 






123 

The ladybird. 1, larva. 2, pupa. 3, adult. The small beetle represents actual size 



THE LADYBIRD 

Ladybird, Ladybird, fly away home! 

Your house is on fire, your children will burn. 



This incantation we, as children, re- 
peated to this unhearing little beetle, 
probably because she is, and ever has been, 



the incarnation of energetic indecision. 
She runs as fast as her short legs can carry 
her in one direction, as if her life de- 



pended on getting there, then she turns 
about and goes with quite as much vim in 
another direction. Thus, it is no wonder 
the children think that when she hears 
this news of her domestic disasters, she 
wheels about and starts for home; but she 
has not any home now nor did she ever 
have a home, and she does not carry even 
a trunk. Perhaps it would be truer to say 
that she has a home everywhere, whether 
she is cuddled under a leaf for a night's 
lodging or industriously climbing out on 
twigs, only to scramble back again, or per- 
chance to take flight from their tips. 

There are many species of ladybirds, but 
in general they all resemble a tiny pill cut 
in half, with legs attached to the'flat side. 
Sometimes it may be a round and some- 
times an oval pill, but it is always shining, 
and the colors are always dull dark red, or 
yellow, or whitish, and black. Sometimes 
she is black with red or yellow spots, some- 
times red or yellow with black spots and 
the spots are usually on either side of the 
thorax and one on each snug little wing 
cover. But if we look at the ladybird care- 
fully we can see the head and the short, 
clublike antennae. Behind the head is the 
thorax with its shield, broadening toward 
the rear, spotted and ornamented in vari- 
ous ways; the head and thorax together oc- 
cupy scarcely a fourth of the length of the 
insect, and the remainder consists of the 
hemispherical body, encased with pol- 
ished wing covers. The little black legs, 
while quite efficient because they can be 
moved so rapidly, are not the ladybird's 
only means of locomotion; she is a good 
flier and has a long pair of dark wings 
which she folds crosswise under her wing 
covers. It is comical to see her pull up her 
wings, as a lady tucks up a long petticoat; 
and sometimes ladybird is rather slovenly 
about it and runs around with the tips of 
her wings hanging out behind, quite un- 
tidily. 

But any untidiness must be inadvertent, 
because the ladybird takes very good care 
of herself and spends much time in " wash- 
ing up." She begins with her front legs, 
cleaning them with her mandibles, indus- 
triously nibbling off every grain of dust; 



INSECTS 365 

she then cleans her middle and hind legs 
by rubbing the two on the same side back 
and forth against each other, each acting 
as a whisk broom for the other; she cleans 
her wings by brushing them between the 
edges of the wing cover above and the tar- 
sus of her hind leg below 7 . 

The ladybird is a clever little creature, 
even if it does look like a pill, and if you 
disturb it, it will fold up its legs and drop 
as if dead, playing possum in a most de- 
ceptive manner. It will remain in this at- 
titude of rigid death for at least a minute 
or two and then will begin to claw the air 
with all its six legs in its effort to turn right 
side up. 

From our standpoint the ladybird is of 
great value, for during the larval as well as 
adult stages, all species except one feed 
upon those insects which we are glad to 
be rid of. They are especially fond of 
aphids and scale insects. One of the great- 
est achievements of economic entomology 
was the introduction on the Pacific Coast 
of a ladybird from Australia which preys 
upon the cottony cushion scale insect, a 
species very dangerous to orange and 
lemon trees. Within a few years the intro- 
duced ladybirds had exterminated this 
pest. 

The ladybird's history is as follows: The 
mother beetle, in the spring, lays her eggs 
here and there on plants; as soon as the 
larva hatches, it starts out to hunt for 
aphids and other insects. It is safe to say 
that no ladybird would recognize her own 
children in time to save them, even if 
the house were burning, for they do not in 
the least resemble her; they are neither 
rolypoly nor shiny, but are long and seg- 
mented and velvety, with six queer, short 
legs that look and act as if they were whit- 
tled out of wood; they seem only efficient 
for clinging around a stem. The larvae are 
usually black, spotted with orange or yel- 
low; there are six warts on each segment, 
which make the creature's back look quite 
rough. The absorbing business of the larva 
is to crawl around on plants and chew up 
the foolish aphids or the scale insects. I 
have seen one use its front foot to push an 
aphid, which it was eating, closer to its 



366 ANIMALS 

jaws; but when one green leg of its victim 
still clung to its head, it did not try to rub 
it off as its mother would have done, but 
twisted its head over this way and that, 
wiping off the fragment on a plant stem 
and then gobbling it up. 

After the larva has shed its skeleton skin 
several times, and destroyed many times 
its own bulk of insects, it hunts for some 
quiet corner, hangs itself up by the rear 
end, and condenses itself into a sub-glob- 
ular form; it sheds its spiny skin, pushing 
it up around the point of attachment, and 
there lets it stay like the lion's skin of 
Hercules. As a pupa, it is more nearly rec- 
tangular than round, and if we look closely 
we can see the wing cases, the spotted 
segments of the abdomen, and the eyes, 
all encased in the pupa skin; the latter 
bursts open after a few days and the shin- 
ing little half-globe emerges a full-grown 
ladybird, ready for hiding through the 
winter in some cozy spot from which she 
will emerge in the spring, to stock our 
trees and vines, next year, with her busy 
little progeny. 

SUGGESTED READING Insect People, 
by Eleanor King and Wellmer Pessels; In- 
teresting Neighbors, by Oliver P. Jenkins; 
Nature by Seaside and Wayside, by 
Mary G. Phillips and Julia M. Wright, 
Book 2, Some Animal Neighbors; Nature 
and Science Readers, by Edith M. Patch 
and Harrison E. Howe, Book 2, Outdoor 
Visits; also, readings on page 300. 

LESSON 89 
THE LADYBIRD 

LEADING THOUGHT The ladybird is a 
beetle. Its young are very different from 
the adult in appearance, and feed upon 
plant lice. 

METHOD These little beetles are very 
common in autumn and may be brought 
to the schoolroom and passed around in 
vials for the children to observe. Their 



larvae may be found on almost any plant 
infested with plant lice. Plant and all may 
be brought into the schoolroom and the 
actions of the larvae noted by the pupils 
during recess. 

OBSERVATIONS i . How large is the 
ladybird? What is its shape? Would two 
of them make a little globe if they were 
put flat sides together? 

2. What colors do you find on your 
ladybird? 

3. Do you see the ladybird's head and 
antennas? What is the broad shield di- 
rectly back of the head called? How is it 
marked, and with what colors? What color 
are the wing covers? Are there any spots 
upon them? How many? Does the lady- 
bird use its wing covers when it flies? De- 
scribe her true wings. Does she fold them 
beneath the wing covers? 

4. Note the legs and feet. Are the legs 
long? Are they fitted for running? To 
which part of the body are they attached? 

5. If you disturb the ladybird how does 
she " play possum "? Describe how she 
makes her toilet. 

THE LARVA 

1. Describe the ladybird larva. Does it 
look like its mother? What is its form? 
Is it warty and velvety or shiny? 

2. Describe its head and jaws as far as 
you can see. How does it act when eating? 
Can you see its little stiff legs? Is there a 
claw at the end of each? 

3. Describe the actions of the ladybird 
larva in attacking and eating the plant lice. 
Does it shed its skin as it grows? 

4. Watch a larva until it changes to a 
pupa. How does the pupa look? Can you 
see the shed skin? Where is it? To what 
is the pupa attached? When the pupa skin 
breaks open what comes out of it? 

5. Why is the ladybird of great use to 
us? Write a story about the ladybird which 
saved the orange orchards of California. 



INSECTS 



367 



THE FIREFLY 

And lavishly to left and right 7 
The fireflies, like golden seeds. 
Are sown upon the night. 

RILEY 



The time of the sowing of these seeds is 
during warm, damp nights in July and Au- 
gust, and even in September, although 
they are sown less lavishly then. How lit- 
tle most of us know of the harvest, al- 
though we see the sowing, which begins 
in the early twilight against the back- 
ground of tree shadows, and lasts until the 
cold atmosphere of the later night damp- 
ens the firefly ardor! The flight of various 
species differs in the height from the 
ground; some species hover next to the 
grass, others fly above our heads, but 
rarely as high as the tree tops in northern 
latitudes. Some species give a short flash 
that might be called a refulgent blinking; 
others give a longer flash so that we get an 
idea of the direction of their flight; and 
there is a common species in the Gulf 
states which gives such long flashes that 
they mark the night with gleaming curli- 
cues. 

It is likely to be an exciting chase be- 
fore we are able to capture a few of these 
insects for closer inspection; but when 
once captured, they do not sulk but will 
keep on with their flashing and give us a 
most edifying display. The portion of the 
firefly which gives the light is in the abdo- 
men, and it glows steadily like phosphor- 
escent wood; then suddenly it gleams 
with a green light that is strong enough 
to reveal all its surroundings; and it is 
so evidently an act of will on the part 
of the beetle that it is startling to mem- 
bers of our race, who cannot even blush 
or turn pale voluntarily. The fireflies may 
be truly said to be socially brilliant, for the 
flashing of their lights is for the attraction 
of their mates. 

The fireflies are beetles, and there are 
many species which are luminous. A com- 
mon one is here figured (Photinus pyra- 



lis) . It is pale gray above and the head is 
completely hidden by the big shield of the 
thorax. The legs are short; thus this beetle 
trusts mostly to its wings as a means of 





A common firefly. The view of the underside 
shows the " lamp " 

locomotion. The antennae are rather long 
and are kept in constant motion, evidently 
conveying intelligence of surroundings to 
the insect. Beneath the gray elytra, or 
wing covers, is a pair of large, dark-veined 
membranous wings which are folded in a 
very neat manner crosswise and length- 
wise, when not in use. When in use, the 
wing covers are lifted stiffly and the flying 
is done wholly with the membranous 
wings. Looked at from beneath, we can 
at once see that some of the segments of 
the abdomen are partly or entirely sulphur 
yellow, and we recognize them as the 
lamp. If the specimen is a male, the yel- 
low area covers all of the end of the abdo- 
men up to the fourth or fifth segment; but 
if it is a female, only the middle portion of 
the abdomen, especially the fifth segment, 
is converted into a lamp. These yellow 
areas, when dissected under the micro- 
scope, prove to be filled with fine trachea^ 
or air-tubes; and we know very little about 
the way the light is made. 



368 ANIMALS 

In some species, the female is wingless 
and has very short wing covers, and a por- 
tion of her body emits a steady, greenish 
light which tells her lord and master where 
to find her. These wingless females are 
called glowworms. 

Fireflies during their larval stages are 
popularly called wireworms, although 
there are many other beetle larvas thus 
called. In many of the species, the firefly 
eggs, larvae, and pupas are all luminescent, 
but not so brilliant as when adults. The 




Larva and pupa of a common firefly 

larva of the species here figured was 
studied by C. V. Riley, who gave us an 
interesting account of its habits. It lives 
in the ground and feeds on soft-bodied in- 
sects and earthworms. Each segment of 
this wireworm has a horny, brown plate 
above, with a straight white line running 
through the middle and a slightly curved 
white line on each side; the sides of the 
larva are soft and rose-colored; the white 
spiracles show against little, oval, brown 
patches. Beneath, the larva is cream color 
with two brown comma-like dots at the 
center of each segment. The head can be 
pulled back completely beneath the first 
segment. The most interesting thing 
about this larva is the prop-leg at the end 
of its body, which naturally aids it in loco- 
motion; but this prop-leg also functions 
as a brush; after the larva has become 
soiled with too eager delving into the tis- 
sues of some earthworm, it curls its body 
over, and with this fan-shaped hind foot 
scrubs its head and face very clean. This 
is a rare instance of a larva paying any 
attention to its toilet. 
When full grown, the larva makes a lit- 



tle oval cell within the earth and changes 
to a pupa; after about ten days, the pupa 
skin is shed and the full-fledged beetle 
comes forth. The larva and pupa of this 
species give off light, but are not so bril- 
liant as the adult. The pupils should be 
encouraged to study the early stages of 
the fireflies, because very little is known 
concerning them. 

In Cuba a large beetle called the cucujo 
has two great oval spots on its thorax, re- 
sembling eyes, which give off light. The 
Cuban ladies wear cucujos at the opera, 
in nets in the hair. I once had a pair which 
I tethered with gold chains to the bodice 
of my ball gown. The eyespots glowed 
steadily, but with the movement of danc- 
ing, they grew more brilliant until no glit- 
tering diamonds could compete with their 
glow. 

SUGGESTED READING Do You Know? 
by Janet Smalley; also, readings on page 
300. 

LESSON 90 
THE FIREFLY 

LEADING THOUGHT When the firefly 
wishes to make a light, it can produce one 
which, if we knew how to make it, would 
greatly reduce the price of artificial light; 
for the light made by fireflies and other 
creatures requires less energy than any 
other light known. 

METHOD After the outdoor observa- 
tions have been made, collect some of 
these beetles in the evening with a sweep 
net; place them under a glass jar or tum- 
bler, so that their light can be studied at 
close range. The next day give the obser- 
vation lesson on the insects. 

OBSERVATIONS i . At what time of 
year do you see fireflies? Do they begin 
to lighten before it is dark? Do you see 
them high in the air or near the ground? 
Is the flash they give short, or long enough 
to make a streak of light? Do you see them 
on cold and windy nights or on warm, still, 
damp evenings? Make a note of the hour 
when you see the first one flash in an 
evening. 

2. Catch a few fireflies in the night; put 
them under a glass jar. Can you see the 



INSECTS 



light when they are not flashing? What 
color is it? When they make the flash can 
you see the outline of the " firefly lamp "? 
Watch closely and see if you think the 
flashing is a matter of will on the part of 
the firefly. Do you think the firefly is sig- 
naling to his mate when he flashes? 

3. Study the firefly in daylight. Is it a 
fly or is it a beetle? What color is it above? 
When you look squarely down upon it, 
can you see its head and eyes? 

4. Are the firefly's legs long or short? 
When a beetle has short legs is it a sign 
that it usually walks or runs, or flies? 

5. Describe the antennas. Are they in 
constant motion? What service do you 
think the firefly's antennae perform for it? 

6. Lift one of the wing covers carefully. 
What do you find beneath it? Does the 
beetle use its wing covers to beat the air 
and help it during flight? How does the 
beetle hold its wing covers when flying? 

7. Turn the beetle on its back. Can you 
see the part of the body that flashes? What 
color is it? 




M. V. SIragerland 

A maybeetle flying, showing that the 
beetles hold the wing covers rigid and still 
in flight, the hind wings doing the work 

8. Do you know the life history of the 
firefly? What is it like in its earlier stages? 
Where does it live? Does it have the 
power of making light when it is in the 
larval stage? 

There, in warm August gloaming, 
With guide, silent brightenings, 
From meadow-lands roaming, 
The firefly twinkles 
His fitful heat-lightnings. 

LOWELL 



THE WAYS OF THE ANT 

My child, behold the cheerful ant, 
How hard she works, each day; 
She works as hard as adamant 
Which is very hard, they say. 

OLIVER HERFORD 



Very many performances on the part 
of the ant seem to us without reason; un- 
doubtedly many of our performances 
seem likewise to her. But the more un- 
derstandingly we study her and her ways, 
the more we are inclined to believe that 
she knows what she is about; I am sure 
that none of us can sit down by an ant- 
nest and watch its citizens come and go, 
without discovering things to make us 
marvel. 

By far the greater number of species of 
ants find exit from their underground 
burrows beneath stones in fields. They 
like the stone for more reasons than one: 
it becomes hot under the noon sun and 
remains warm during the night, thus giv- 



ing them a cozy nursery in the evening for 
their young. Some species make mounds, 
and often several neighboring mounds be- 
long to the same colony, and are con- 
nected by underground galleries. There 
are usually several openings into these 
mounds. In the case of some of the west- 
ern species which make galleries beneath 
the ground there is but one opening to 
the nest, and Dr. McCook says that this 
gate is closed at night; at every gate in any 
ants' nest, there are likely to be sentinels 
stationed, to give warning of intruders. 

As soon as a nest is disturbed, the scared 
little citizens run helter-skelter to get out 
of the way; but if there are any larvae or 
pupae about, they take them up and make 



37 



ANIMALS 



off with them; when too hard pressed, 
however, they will in most cases drop the 
precious burden, although I have several 




Agricultural ants. Note that one ant is car- 
rying a sister 

times seen an ant, when she dropped a 
pupa, stand guard over it and refuse to 
budge without it. The anf s eggs are very 
small objects, being oblong and about the 
size of a pinpoint. The larvae are trans- 
lucent creatures, like rice grains with one 
end pointed. The pupae are yellowish, cov- 
ered with a parchment-like sac, and 
resemble grains of wheat. When we 
lift stones in a field, we usually find, 
directly beneath, the young of a certain 
size. 

There are often, in the same species of 
ants, two sizes; the large ones are called 
majors and the smaller minors; sometimes 
there is a smaller size yet, called minims. 
The smaller sizes are probably the result 
of lack of nutrition. But whatever their 
size, they all work together in bringing 
food for the young and in caring for the 
nest. We often see an ant carrying a dead 
insect or some other object larger than 
herself. If she cannot lift it or shove it, 



pulls it along. It is rarely that we see two 
carrying the same load, although we have 
observed this several times. In one or two 
cases, the two seemed not to be in perfect 
accord as to which path to take. If the 
ants find some large supply of food, many 
of them will form a procession to bring it 
into the nest bit by bit; such processions 
go back by making a little detour so as not 
to meet and interfere with those coming. 
During most of the year, an ant colony 
consists only of workers and laying queens, 
but in early summer the nest may be 
found swarming with winged forms, 
which are the kings and queens. Some 
warm day these will issue from the nest 
and take their marriage flight, the only 
time in their lives when they use their 
wings; for ants, like seeds, seem to be 
provided with wings simply for the sake 
of scattering wide the species. It is a 
strange fact that often on the same day 
swarms will issue from all the nests of one 
species in the whole region; by what mys- 
terious messenger word is sent that brings 
about this unanimous exodus is still a 
mystery to us. This seems to be a provision 
for crossbreeding; and as bearing upon 
this, Miss Fielde discovered that an alien 
king is not only made welcome in a nest, 
but is sometimes seized by workers and 
pulled into a nest; this is most significant, 
since no worker of any other colony of the 
same species is permitted to live in any 
but its own nest. 

After the marriage flight, the ants fall 
to the ground and undoubtedly a large 
number perish; however, just here our 
knowledge is lamentably lacking, and ob- 
servations on the part of pupils as to what 
happens to these winged forms will be 
valuable. In the case of most species, we 
know that a queen finds refuge in some 
shelter and there lays eggs. Mr. Comstock 
once studied a queen of the big, black 
carpenter ant which lives under the bark 
of trees. This queen, without taking any 
food herself, was able to lay her eggs and 
rear her first brood to maturity; she re- 
gurgitated food for this first brood, and 
then they went out foraging for the col- 



she turns around, and going backwards ony. However, Miss Fielde found that in 



INSECTS 

the species she studied the queen could 
not do this; a question most interesting to 
solve is whether any of the young queens, 
after the marriage flight, are adopted into 
other colonies of the same species. As 
soon as a queen begins laying eggs, she 
sheds her then useless wings, laying them 
aside as a bride does her veil. 

When we are looking for ants' nests 
beneath stones, we often stumble upon a 
colony consisting of citizens differing in 
color. One has the head and thorax rust- 
red with the abdomen and legs brown; 
associated with this brown ant is a black 
or ash-colored species. These black ants 
are the slaves of the brown species; but 
slavery in the ant world has its ameliora- 
tions. When the slave-makers attack the 
slave nest, they do not fight the inmates 
unless they are obliged to. They simply 
loot the nest of the larvae or pupae, which 
they carry off to their own nests; and there 
they are fed and reared, as carefully as are 
their own young. The slaves seem to be 
perfectly contented, and conduct the 
household affairs of their masters with ap- 
parent cheerfulness. They do all the tasks 
involved in taking care of the nest and 
feeding the young, but they are never per- 
mitted to go out with war parties; thus 
they never fight, unless their colony is 
attacked by marauders. 

If one chances upon an ant battle, one 
must needs compare it to a battle of men 
before the invention of gunpowder; for 
in those days fighting was more gory and 
dreadful than now, since man fought man 
until one of the two was slain. There is 
a great variation in military skill as well 
as in courage shown by different species of 
ants; the species most skilled in warfare 
march to battle in a solid column and 
when they meet the enemy the battle re- 
solves itself into duels, although there is 
no code of ant honor which declares that 
one must fight the enemy singlehanded. 
Although some ants are provided with 
venomous stings, our common species use 
their jaws for weapons; they also eject 
upon each other a very acid liquid which 
we know as formic acid. Two enemies ap- 
proach each other, rear on their hind legs, 




M. V. Slingerland 

An aphid stable on a dogwood twig, built by 
ants to protect their herds 

throw this ant vitriol at each other, then 
close in deadly combat, each trying to cut 
the other in two. Woe to the one on 
which the jaws of her enemy are once 
setl For the ant has bulldog qualities, and 
if she once gets hold, she never lets go 
even though she be rent in pieces herself. 
At night the ant armies retreat to their 
citadels, but in the morning fare forth 
again to battle; and thus the war may be 
waged for days, and the battlefield be 
strewn with the remains of the dead and 
dying. So far as w ; e are able to observe, 
there are two chief causes for ant wars; 
one is when two colonies desire the same 
ground, and the other is for the purpose 
of making slaves. 

Perhaps the most interesting as well as 
most easily observed of all ant practices 
are those that have to do with plant lice, 
or aphids. If we find an ant climbing a 
plant of any sort, it is very likely that we 
shall find she is doing it for the purpose 
of tending her aphid herds. The aphid is a 
stupid little creature which lives by thrust- 
ing its bill or sucking tube into a stem 
or leaf of a plant, and thus settles down 
for life, nourished by the sap which it 
sucks up; it has a peculiar habit of exud- 
ing from its alimentary canal drops of 
honeydew when it feels the caress of the 
ant's antennae upon its back. I had one 
year under observation a nest of elegant 



372 



ANIMALS 



little ants with shining triangular abdo- 
mens which they waved in the air like 
pennants when excited. These ants were 
most devoted attendants on the plant lice 
infesting an evening primrose; if I jarred 
the primrose stem, the ants had a panic, 
and often one would seize an aphid in her 
jaws and dash about madly, as if to rescue 
it at all hazards. When the ant wishes 
honeydew, she approaches the aphid 7 
stroking it or patting it gently with her 
antennae, and if a drop of the sweet fluid 
is not at once forthcoming, it is probably 
because other ants have previously ex- 
hausted its individual supply; if the ant 
gets no response, she hurries on to some 
other aphid not yet milked dry. 

This devotion of ants to aphids has been 
known for a hundred years, but only re- 
cently has it been discovered to be of 
economic importance. Professor Forbes, 
in studying the corn root-louse, discovered 
that the ants care for the eggs of this aphid 
in their own nests during the winter, and 
take the young aphids out early in the 
spring, placing them on the roots of smart- 
weed; later, after the corn is planted, the 
ants move their charges to the roots of 
the corn. Ants have been seen to give bat- 
tle to the enemies of the aphid. The 
aphids of one species living on dogwood 
are protected while feeding by stables, 
which a certain species of ant builds 
around them, from a mortar made of earth 
and vegetable matter. 

SUGGESTED READING Ant-Hills and 
Soap-Bubbles, by Mary G. Phillips; Back- 
yard Exploration, by Paul G. Howes; 
Fields and Fencerows, by Walter P. 
Porter and Einar A. Hansen; Insect Peo- 
ple, by Eleanor King and Wellmer Pessels; 
Insects Injurious to the Household and 
Annoying to Man, by Glenn W. Herrick; 
Little Black Ant, by Alice C. Gall and 
Fleming H. Crew; Nature by Seaside 
and Wayside, by Mary G. Phillips and 
Julia M. Wright, Book 2, Some Animal 
Neighbors; Nature and Science Readers, 
by Edith M. Patch and Harrison E. Howe, 
Book i, Hunting, Book 2, Outdoor Visits; 
Our Insect Friends and Foes and Spiders, 
published by the National Geographic 



Society; The Wonder World of Ants, by 
Wilfrid S. Bronson; also, readings on 
page 300. 

LESSON 91 
FIELD OBSERVATIONS ON ANTS 

LEADING THOUGHT However aimless 
to us may seem the course of the ant 
as we see her running about, undoubtedly 
if we understood her well enough, we 
should find that there is rational ant sense 
in her performances. Therefore, when- 
ever we are walking and have time, let us 
make careful observations as to the actions 
of the ants which we may see. 

METHOD The following questions 
should be written on the blackboard and 
copied by the pupils in their notebooks. 
This should be done in May or June, and 
the answers to the questions worked out 
by observations made during the summer 
vacation. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where do you find 
ants' nests? Describe all the different 
kinds you have found. In what sort of soil 
do they make their nests? Describe the 
entrance to the nest. If the nest is a 
mound, is there more than one entrance? 
Are there many mounds near each other? 
If so, do you think they all belong to the 
same colony? 

2. When the nest is disturbed, how do 
the ants act? Do they usually try to save 
themselves alone? Do they seek to save 
their young at the risk of their own lives? 
If an ant carrying a young one is hard 
pressed, will she drop it? 

3. Make notes on the difference in ap- 
pearance of eggs, larvae, and pupae in any 
ants' nest. 

4. In nests under stones, can you find 
larvae and pupa* assorted according to 
sizes? 

5. How many sizes of ants do you find 
living in the same nest? 

6. What objects do you find ants car- 
rying to their nests? Are these for food? 
How does an ant manage to carry an ob- 
ject larger than herself? Do you ever see 
two ants working together carrying the 
same load? 

7. If you find a procession of ants car- 



INSECTS 

rying food to their nest, note if they fol- 
low the same path coming and going. 

8. If you find winged ants in a nest, 
catch a few in a vial with a few of the 
workers, and compare the two. The 
winged ants are kings and queens, 
the kings being much smaller than the 
queens. 

9. If you chance to encounter a swarm 
of winged ants taking flight, make ob- 
servations as to the size of swarm, the 
height above the ground, and whether any 
are falling to the earth. 

10. Look under the loose bark of trees 
for nests of the big black carpenter ant. 
You may find in such situations a queen 
ant starting a colony, which will prove 
most desirable for stocking an artificial 
ants 7 nest. 

11. If you find ants climbing shrubs, 
trees, or other plants, look upon the leaves 
for aphids and note the following points: 

(a) How does an ant act as she ap- 
proaches an aphid? 

(b) If the aphids are crowded on the 
leaf, does she step on them? 

(c) Watch carefully to see how the 
ant touches the aphid w r hen she wishes 
the honeydew. 

(d) Watch how the aphid excretes the 
honeydew, and note if the ant eats it. 

(e) If you disturb aphids which have 
ants tending them, note whether the ants 
attempt to defend or rescue their herds. 

(f ) If there are aphis lions or ladybird 
larvae eating the aphids, note if the ants 
attack them. 

12. If you find a colony of ants under 
stones where there are brown and black 
ants living together, the black members 
are the slaves of the brown. Observe as 
carefully as possible the actions of both 
the black and the brown inhabitants of 
the nest. 

13. If you chance to see ants fighting, 
note how they make the attack. With 
what weapons do they fight? How do they 
try to get at the adversary? 

14. Write a story covering the follow- 
ing points: How ants take their slaves; the 
attitude of masters and slaves toward each 
other; the work which the slaves do; the 




A Lubbock ant-nest 

story of the ant battle; and how ants care 
for and use their herds. 

LESSON 92 
How TO MAKE THE LUBBOCK ANT-NEST 

MATERIAL Two pieces of window 
glass, 10 inches square; a sheet of tin, 11 
inches square; a piece of plank, i T /4 inches 
thick, 20 inches long, and at least 16 inches 
wide; a sheet of tin or a thin, flat board, 
10 inches square. 

To MAKE THE NEST Take the plank 
and on the upper side, a short distance 
from the edge, cut a deep furrow. This 
furrow is to be filled with water, as a 
moat, to keep the ants imprisoned. It is 
necessary 7 , therefore, that the plank should 
have no knotholes, and that it be painted 
thoroughly to keep it from checking. Take 
the sheet of tin 1 1 inches square, and make 
it into a tray by turning up the edges 
three-eighths of an inch. Place this tray 
in the middle of the plank. Place within 
the tray one pane of glass. Lay around the 
edges of this glass four strips of wood 
about half an inch wide and a little thicker 
than the height of the ants which are to 
live in the nest. Cover the glass with a 
thin layer of fine earth. Take the remain- 
ing pane of glass and cut a triangular piece 
from one corner, then place the pane on 
top of the other, resting upon the pieces 
of wood around the sides. The cover of 
the nest may be a piece of tin, with a han- 
dle soldered to the center, or a board with 
a screw eye in the center with which to 
lift it. There should be a piece of blotter 
or of very thin sponge introduced into 
the nest between the two panes of glass, in 
a position where it may be reached with 



374 



ANIMALS 



a pipette, without removing the upper 
glass, for it must be kept always damp. 

To establish a colony in this nest pro- 
ceed as follows: Take a two-quart glass 
fruit far and a garden trowel. Armed with 
these, visit some pasture or meadow near 
by, and find under some stone a small 
colony of ants which have plenty of eggs 
and larvae. Scoop up carefully eggs, ants, 
dirt, and all, and place them in the jar, 
being as careful as possible not to injure 
the specimens. While digging, search 
carefully for the queen, which is a larger 
ant and is sometimes found. But if you 
have plenty of eggs, larvae, and pupae, the 
ants will become very contented in their 
new nest while taking care of them. After 
you have taken all the ants desirable, place 
the cover on the jar, carry them to the Lub- 



bock nest and carefully empty the con- 
tents of the fruit jar on top of the 
board which covers the nest. Of course the 
furrow around the plank has been filled 
with water, so the stragglers cannot es- 
cape. The ants will soon find the way into 
the nest through the cut corner of the 
upper pane of glass, and will transfer their 
larvae to it because it is dark. After they 
are in the nest, which should be within 
two or three hours, remove the dirt on 
the cover, and the nest is ready for obser- 
vation. But, since light disturbs the little 
prisoners, the cover should be removed 
only for short periods. 

The Fielde nest is better adapted for a 
serious study of ants, but it is not so well 
adapted for the schoolroom as is the Lub- 
bock nest. 



THE ANT-NEST AND WHAT MAY BE SEEN WITHIN IT 



Ant anatomy becomes a very interesting 
study when we note the vigorous way the 
ant uses it even to the least part. The 
slender waist characterizes the ant as well 




The black carpenter ant, much enlarged 

as the wasp; the three regions of the body 
are easily seen, the head with its ever 
moving antennae, the slender thorax with 
its three pairs of most efficient legs, and 
the long abdomen. The ant's legs are fairly 
long as compared with the size of the 



body and the ant can run with a rapidity 
that, comparatively, would soon outdis- 
tance any Marathon runner, however 
famed. I timed an ant one day when she 
was taking a constitutional on my foot 
rule. She was in no hurry, and yet she 
made time that if translated into human 
terms would mean sixteen yards per sec- 
ond. In addition to running, many ants 
when frightened will make leaps with in- 
credible swiftness. 

The ant does not show her cleverness in 
her physiognomy, probably because her 
eyes seem small and dull and she has a de- 
cidedly "retreating forehead"; but the 
brain behind this unpromising appearance 
is far more active and efficient than that 
behind the gorgeous great eyes of the 
dragonfly or behind the " high brow " of 
the grasshopper. The ant's jaws are very 
large compared with her head; they work 
sidewise like a pair of shears and are armed 
with triangular teeth along the biting 
edges; these are not teeth in a vertebrate 
sense, but are like the teeth of a saw. 
These jaws are the ant's chief utensils 
and weapons; with them she seizes the 
burdens of food which she carries home; 



INSECTS 



375 



with them she gently lifts her infant 
charges; with them she crushes and breaks 
up hard food; with them she carries out 
soil from her tunnel, and with them she 
fights her enemies. She also has a pair of 
long palpi, or feelers. 

Although her eyes are so small and 
furnished with coarse facets, as compared 
with other insects, this fact need not count 
against her, for she has little need of eyes. 
Her home life is passed in dark burrows 
where her antennae give her information 
of her surroundings. Note how these an- 
tennae are always moving, seeming to be 
atremble in eagerness to receive sensa- 
tions. But aside from their powers of tell- 
ing things by the touch, wherein they are 
more delicate than the fingers of the blind, 
they have other sense organs which are 
comparable to our sense of smell. Miss 
Fielde has shown that each of the five end 
segments of the antennas has its own pow- 
ers in detecting odor. The end segment 
detects the odor of the ant's own nest 
and enables her to distinguish this from 
other nests. The next, or eleventh seg- 
ment, detects the odor of any descendant 
of the same queen; by this, she recognizes 
her sisters wherever she finds them. 
Through the next, or tenth segment, she 




The red ant, much enlarged 

recognizes the odor of her own feet on 
the trail, and thus can retrace her own 
steps. The eighth and ninth segments con- 
vey to her the intelligence and means of 
caring for the young. If an ant is deprived 
of these five end-joints of the antennas, 
she loses all power as a social ant and 



becomes completely disfranchised. Miss 
Fielde gives her most interesting experi- 
ments in detail in the Proceedings of the 




The antenna-comb on the front leg of an ant 

Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadel- 
phia, July and October, 1901. 

It is natural enough that the ant, de- 
pending so much on her antennas for 
impressions and stimuli, should be very 
particular to keep them clean and in good 
order. She is well equipped to do this, for 
she has a most efficient antennas brush on 
her wrist; it is practically a circular comb, 
which just fits over the antenna; and to 
see the ants using these brushes is one of 
the most common sights in the ant-nest 
and one of the most amusing. The ant 
usually commences by lifting her leg over 
one antenna and deftly passing it through 
the brush, and then licks the brush clean 
by passing it through her mouth, as a cat 
washes her face; then she cleans the other 
in a similar manner and possibly finishes 
by doing both alternately, winding up 
with a flourish, like a European gentleman 
curling his mustaches. Her antennae 
cleaned, she starts promptly to do some- 
thing, for she is a little six-footed Martha, 
always weighed down or buoyed up by 
many duties and cares. Keeping her an- 
tennae on the qui vive ? she assures herself, 
by touch, of the nature of any obstacle in 
her path. If she meets another ant, their 
antennae cross and pat each other, and 
thus they learn whether they are sisters 
or aliens; if they are sisters, they may stand 
for some time with their antennae flutter- 
ing. One who has watched ants carefully, 
is compelled to believe that they thus con- 



376 ANIMALS 

vey intelligence of some sort, one to the 
other. The ant is a good sister " according 
to her lights "; if her sister is hungry, she 
will give to her, even from her own par- 




Ants making their toilets 

tially digested food; the two will often 
stand mouth to mouth for some minutes 
during this process; if she feels inclined, 
she will also help a sister at her toilet, and 
lick her with her tongue as one cow licks 
another. The tongue of the ant is very 
useful in several ways; with it she takes 
up liquids, and also uses it with much 
vigor as a washcloth. Sometimes an ant 
will spend a half hour or more at her own 
toilet, licking every part of her own body 
that her tongue can reach, meanwhile 
going through all sorts of contortions to 
accomplish it; she uses her feet to scrub 
portions of her body not to be reached by 
her tongue. 

But it is as infant nurse that the ant is 
a shining example. No mother instinct is 
hers, for she has yielded the power of 
motherhood to the exigencies of business 
life, since all workers are females but are 
undeveloped sexually. She shows far more 
sense in the care of her infant sisters 
than the mother instinct often supplies to 
human mothers. The ant nurse takes the 
eggs as soon as laid, and whether her care 
retards or hastens hatching we know not; 
but we do know that although the queen 
ant may not lay more than two eggs a day, 
a goodly number of these seem to hatch at 
the same time. The eggs are massed in 
bundles and are sticky on the outside; so 
they are held together in a bundle. Miss 
Fielde says that as the eggs are hatching, 
one ant will hold up the bundle, while 



another feeds those which have broken 
the shell. The larvae, when young, also 
hang together by means of tiny hooks on 
their bodies. This habit of the eggs and 
young larvae is a convenient one, since an 
ant is thus able to carry many at a time. 

The larvae are odd looking little crea- 
tures, shaped like crookneck squashes, the 
small end being the head and neck and 
the latter being very extensible. The ant 
nurses, by feeding some more than others, 
are able to keep a brood at the same stage 
of development; and in a well-ordered 
ant-nest, we find those of the same size in 
one nursery. I have often thought of a 
graded school as I have noted in ant- 
nests the youngsters assorted according to 
size. 

The ants seem to realize the cost and 
care of rearing their young; and when a 
nest is attacked, the oldest, which are usu- 
ally in the pupa stage, are saved first. 
When the larvae are young, they are fed 
on regurgitated food; but as they grow 
older, the food is brought to them, or they 
to the food, and they do their own eating. 
In one of my nests, I placed part of the 
yolk of an egg hard boiled, and the ant 
nurses dumped the larvae down around the 
edges of it; there they munched industri- 
ously, until through their transparent bod- 
ies I could see the yellow of the egg the 
whole length of the alimentary canal. The 
ant nurses are very particular about tem- 
peratures for their young, and Miss Fielde 
says they are even more careful about 
draughts. Thus they are obliged to move 
them about in the ground nests, carrying 
them down to the lower nurseries in the 
heat of the day, and bringing them up, 
nearer to the warm stones, during the eve- 
nings. This moving is always done care- 
fully, and though the ant's jaws are such 
formidable nippers, she carries her baby 
sisters with gentleness; and if they be 
pupae, she holds them by the loose pupal 
skin, like carrying a baby by its clothes. 
The pupae look like plump little grain 
bags, tied at one end with a black string. 
They are the size of small grains of wheat, 
and are often called ants' eggs, which is 
absurd, since they are almost as large as 



INSECTS 



the ant Ants' eggs are not larger thn 
pinpoints. 

The ant nurses keep the larvae and pupas 
very clean by licking them; and when a 
youngster issues from the pupa skin ? it is 
a matter of much interest to the nurses. 
I have often seen two or three of them 
help straighten out the cramped legs and 
antennae of the young one ? and hasten 
to feed her with regurgitated food. When 
ants first issue from the pupa skin they 
are pale in color, their eyes being very 
black in contrast; they are usually helples's 
and stupid, although they often try to 
clean their antennae and make a toilet; 
but they do not know enough to follow 
their elders from one room to another, 
and they are a source of much care to the 
nurses. In case of moving, a nurse will lock 
jaws with a " callow/ 7 as a freshly hatched 
adult ant is called, and drag her along, the 
legs of the callow sprawling helplessly 
meanwhile. If in haste, the nurse takes 
hold anywhere, by the neck or the leg, and 
hustles her charge along; if she takes her 
by the waist the callow curls up like a kit- 
ten, and is thus more easily moved. After 
the nurses have moved them from one 
chamber to the next, I have noticed that 
the callows are herded together, their at- 
tendants ranged in a circle about them. 
Often we see one ant carrying another 
which is not a callow, and this means that 
a certain number of the colony have made 
up their minds to move, while the others 
are not awake to this necessity. In such 
a case, one of these energetic sisters will 
seize another by the waist, and carry her 
off with an air that says plainly, " Come 
along, you stupid! " 

Ants are very cleanly in their nests, and 
we find the refuse piled in a heap at one 
corner, or as far as possible from the brood. 

If we are fortunate enough to find a 
queen for the nest, then we may observe 
the attention she gets; she is always kept 
in a special compartment, and is sur- 
rounded by ladies in waiting, who feed 
her and lick her clean and show solicitude 
for her welfare; although I have never ob- 
served in an ant-nest that devotion to roy- 
alty which we see in a beehive. 



377 



Not the least interesting scene in an 
ant-nest is when all, or some, are asleep 
and are as motionless as if dead. 

LESSON 93 

OBSERVATIONS OF ANTS IN AN 
ARTIFICIAL NEST 

LEADING THOUGHT The ants are very 
devoted to their young and perhaps the 
care of them is the most interesting fea- 
ture in the study of the artificial nest. 

METHOD Have in the schoolroom a 
LubbocFs nest with a colony of ants 
within it, with their larvae in all stages, 
and if possible, their queen. For observ- 
ing the form of the ant, pass one or two 
around in a vial. 

OBSERVATIONS i. What is there pe- 
culiar about the shape of the ant's body? 
Can you see which section bears the legs? 
Are the ant's legs long compared with her 
body? Can sue run rapidly? 

2. Look at the ant's head through a 
lens, and describe the antennae, the jaws, 
and the eyes. 

3. Note how the ant keeps her antennae 
in motion. Note how she gropes with 
them as a blind person with his hands. 
Note how she uses them in conversing 
with her companions. 

4. How does the ant clean her an- 
tennse? Does she clean them more often 
than any other part of her body? How 
does she make her toilet? 

5. See how an ant eats syrup. How do 
ants feed each other? 

6. How does the ant carry an object? 
How does she carry a larva or a pupa? 
Have you ever seen one ant carry another? 
If so, describe it. 

7. Note the way the ants feed their 
young. How do they keep them clean? 
Does an ant carry one egg or one small 
larva at a time or a bundle of them? How 
do you suppose the bundle is fastened to- 
gether? 

8. Describe an egg, a larva, and a pupa 
of the ant and tell how they differ. Do 
you know which ant is the mother of the 
larvae in the nest? 

9. Do you find larvae of different sizes 



378 ANIMALS 

all together in your nest? Do you find 
larvae and pupas in the same group? Do 
the ants move the young often from one 
nest to another? Why do you suppose 
they do this? 



from the pupa skin. How do they assist 
her and care for her? How do they lead 
her around? How do ants look when rest- 
ing? 

1 1 . Note where the ants throw the ref- 



10. Note how the ant nurses take care use from the nest. Do they ever change 
of the callow ant when it is coming out the position of this dump heap? 



THE MUD-DAUBER 



This little cement worker is a nervous 
and fidgety creature, jerking her wings 
constantly as she walks around in the sun- 
shine; but perhaps this is not nervousness. 




Nest of a mud-dauber on the back of a picture 
frame 

but rather to show off the rainbow irides- 
cence of her black wings. Her waist is a 
mere pedicel and the abdomen is only a 
knob at the end of it. The latter, seen 
from the outside, would seem of little use 
as an abdomen; but if we watch the in- 
sect flying, we can see plainly that the 
abdomen is an aid to steering. 

In early summer, we find this black 
wasp at her trade as a mason. She seeks 
the edges of pools or puddles where she 
works industriously, leaving many little 
holes whence she takes mud to mix with 



the saliva which she secretes from her 
mouth to make firm her cement. This 
cement she plasters on the underside of 
some roof or rafter or other protected 
place, going back and forth until she has 
built a suitable foundation. She works 
methodically, making a tube about an 
inch long, smooth inside but rough out- 
side, the walls about one-eighth of an inch 
thick. She does all the plastering with her 
jaws, which she uses as a trowel. When 
the tube is completed except that the end 
is left open, she starts off in quest of 
spiders, and very earnestly does she seek 
them. I have seen her hunt every nook and 
corner of a porch for this prey. When she 
finds a spider, she pounces upon it and 
stings it until it is helpless, and carries it 
to her cement tube, which is indeed a 
spider sarcophagus, and thrusts it within. 
She brings more spiders until her tube 
is nearly full; she then lays an egg within 
it and makes more cement and neatly 
closes the door of the tube. She places 
another tube by the side of this, which 
she provisions and closes in the same way; 
she may make another and another tube, 
often a half dozen, under one adobe roof. 
The wasp in some mysterious way 
knows how to thrust her sting into the 
spider's nervous system in a peculiar way 
which renders her victim unable to move, 
although it yet lives. The wasp is no 
vegetarian like the bee, and she must 
supply her young with wasp-meat in- 
stead of beebread. Since it is during 
the summer and hot weather when the 
young wasps are hatched and begin their 
growth, their meat must be kept fresh 
for a period of two or three weeks. 



INSECTS 



379 



So these paralyzed spiders do not die, al- 
though they are helpless. It is certainly 
a practical joke with justice in it, that 
these ferocious creatures lie helpless while 
being eaten by a fat little grub which they 
would gladly devour, if they could move. 

The wasp larva is a whitish, plump grab 
and it eats industriously until the spider 
meat is exhausted. It then weaves a co- 
coon of silk about itself which just covers 
the walls of its home tube, like a silken 
tapestry; within this cocoon the grub 
changes to a pupa. When it finally 
emerges, it is a full-grown wasp with jaws 
which are able to cut a door in the end 
of its tube, through which it comes out 
into the world, a free and accepted mason. 
The females, which issue late in the sea- 
son, hide in warm or protected places dur- 
ing the winter; they particularly like the 
folds of lace window curtains for hiber- 
nating quarters. There they remain until 
spring comes, when they go off to build 
their plaster houses. 

There are about seventy species of mud 
wasps in our country. Some provision their 
nests with caterpillars instead of spiders. 
This is true of the jug-builder, which 
makes her nest jug-shaped and places two 
or three of them side by side upon a twig. 
She uses hair in her mortar, which makes 
it stronger. This is necessary 7 since the jug 
is saddled upon twigs and is more exposed 
to the rain than is the nest of the most 
common mud-dauber. The jug-builder is 
brown in color and has yellow markings 
on the abdomen; but she does not resem- 




ble the yellow jackets, because she has a 
threadlike waist. There are other species 
of mud wasps which use any small cavity 




A mud-dauber and her nests, with cells cut 
open to show from left to right, larva full 
grown, cocoon, young larva feeding on its 
spider-meat, and an empty cell 



The jug-builder and her nests 

they can find for the nest, plastering up 
the opening after the nest has been pro- 
visioned and the egg laid. We often find 
keyholes, knotholes, and even the cavity 
in the telephone transmitter plastered up 
by these small opportunists. 

The mud-dauber, which is the most 
common and most likely to be selected 
for this lesson, is a slender creature and 
looks as if she were made of black tinsel; 
her body gives off glints of steel and blue; 
her abdomen constantly vibrates with the 
movement of breathing. Her eyes are large 
and like black beads; her black antennae 
curve gracefully outward, and her wings, 
corrugated with veins, shimmer with a 
smoky blue, green, and purple. She stands 
on her black tiptoes when she walks, and 
she has a way of turning around constantly 
as if she expected an attack from the rear. 
Her wings, like those of other mud wasps, 
are not folded fanwise like those of the 
yellow jacket, but are folded beside each 
other over her back. 

SUGGESTED READING Backyard Explo- 
ration, by Paul G. Howes; Fields and 
Fencerows, by Walter P. Porter and Einar 
A. Hansen; Interesting Neighbors, by 
Oliver P. Jenkins; Nature by Seaside 
and Wayside, by Mary G. Phillips and 
Julia M. Wright, Book i, Some Animals 
and Their Homes; also, readings on 
page 300. 



380 



ANIMALS 



LESSON 94 
THE MUD-DAUBER 

LEADING THOUGHT There are certain 
wasps which gather mud and mix it into 
mortar with which to build nests for their 
young. Within these nests, the mother 
wasp places spiders or insects which are 
disabled by her sting, to serve as the food 
of the young wasps. 

METHOD Have the pupils bring the 
homes of the mud wasps to school for 
observation. The wasps themselves are 
very common in spring and also in au- 
tumn, and they may be studied at school 
and may be passed around in vials for 
closer observation; they do not sting se- 
verely when handled, the sting being a 
mere prick. The purpose of the lesson 
should be to stimulate the pupils to watch 
the mud-daubers while building their nests 
and capturing their prey. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Where did you find 
the mud-dauber's nest? How was it pro- 
tected from the rain? Was it easily re- 
moved? Could you remove it all, or did 
some of it remain stuck fast? 

2. What is the shape of the nest? How 
does it look inside? Of how many tubes 
does it consist? How long is each tube? 
Were the tubes laid side by side? 

3. Of what material was the nest made? 
Is it not much harder than mud? How did 
the wasp change the mud to cement? 
Where did she get the mud? How did she 



carry it? With what tools did she plaster 
it? 

4. For what purpose was the nest made? 
Is the inside of the tubes smooth as com- 
pared with the outside of the nest? 

5. Write a little story about all that 
happens in one of these tubes, including 
the following points: What did the 
mother wasp place in the tube? How and 
why did she close it? What hatched from 
the egg she placed within it? How does 
the young wasp look? On what does it 
feed? What sort of cocoon does it spin? 
How does it get out of the nest when 
full grown? 

6. Describe the mud-dauber wasp. How 
large is she? What is the color of her body? 
Of her wings? How many wings has she? 
How are her wings folded differently from 
those of the yellow jacket? Describe her 
eyes; her antennas; her legs; her waist; her 
abdomen. 

7. Where did you find the wasp? How 
did she act? Do you think that she can 
sting? How does this wasp pass the win- 
ter? 

8. Do you know the mud wasps which 
build the little jug-shaped nests for their 
young? Do you know the mud wasps 
which utilize crevices and keyholes for 
their nests and plaster up the opening? 

9. Do you know about the digger wasps 
which pack away grasshoppers or caterpil- 
lars in a hole in the ground, in which they 
lay their egg and then cover it? 



THE YELLOW JACKET 



Many wasps are not so waspish after 
all when we understand one important 
fact about them; i.e., although they are 
very nervous themselves, they detest that 
quality in others. For years the yellow 
jackets have shared with us our meals at 
our summer camp on the lake shore. They 
make inquisitive tours of inspection over 
the food on the table, often seeming to 
include ourselves, and coming so near 
that they fan our faces with their wings. 
They usually end by selecting the sweet- 



ened fruits, but they also carry off bits of 
roast beef, pouncing down upon the meat 
platter and seizing a tidbit as a hawk does 
a chicken. We always remain calm during 
these visitations, for we know that unless 
we inadvertently pinch one, we shall not 
be harmed; and it is great fun to watch 
one of these graceful creatures poising 
daintily on the side of the dish lapping 
up the fruit juice as a cat does milk, the 
slender, yellow-banded abdomen palpitat- 
ing as she breathes. Occasionally, two de- 



INSECTS 



sire the same place, and a wrestling match 
ensues which is fierce w r hile it lasts, but 
the participants always come back to the 
dish unharmed: They are extra polite in 
their manners, for after one has delved 
eagerly into the fruit syrup, she proceeds 
to clean her front feet by passing them 
through her jaws, which is a wasp's way of 
using a finger bowl. 

Both yellow jackets and the white-faced 
black hornets build in trees, and their 
nests are much alike, although the paper 
made by the yellow jackets is finer in tex- 
ture. However, some species of yellow 
jackets build their nests in the ground, 
but of similar form. The nest is of paper 
made of bits of wood which the wasps 
pull off with their jaws from weather-worn 
fences or boards. This wood is reduced to 
a pulp by saliva which is secreted from 
the wasp's mouth, and is laid on in little 
layers which can be easily seen by exam- 
ining the outside of the nest. These layers 
may be of different colors. A wasp will 
come with her load of paper pulp, and 
using her jaws and front feet for tools she 
will join a strip to the edge of the paper 
and pat it into shape. The paper tears 
more readily along the lines of the joining 
than across. The cover of the nest is made 
of many layers of shell-like pieces fastened 
together, and the outer layers are water- 
proof; the opening of a nest is at the bot- 
tom. Mr. Lubbock has shown that cer- 
tain wasps are stationed at the door, as 





A yellow jacket 



A wasps' nest with the side walls removed 

sentinels, to give warning on the approach 
of an enemy. The number of stories of 
combs in a nest depends upon the age and 
size of the colony. They are fastened to- 
gether firmly near the center by a central 
core or axis of very strong, firm paper, 
which at the top is 'attached to a branch 
or whatever supports the nest. The cells 
all open downward, in this respect differ- 
ing from those of the honeybee, w r hich are 
usually placed horizontally. The wasp 
comb "differs from the honeycomb in that 
it is made of paper instead of wax, and 
that the rows of cells are single instead of 
double. The cells in the wasp comb are 
not for storing honey, but are simply the 
cradles for the young w^asps. (See figure 
above.) 

Sometimes a wasp family disaster makes 
it possible for us to examine one of these 
nests with its inmates. Here we find, in 
some of the cells, the long white eggs 
fastened to the very bottom of the cell, in 
an inner angle, as if a larva when hatched 
needed to have a cozy corner. These wasp 
larvae are the chubbiest little grubs imag- 
inable and are very soft bodied. It was 
once a mystery to me how they were able 



3 82 



ANIMALS 



to hang in the cells, head down, without 
getting " black in the face " or falling out; 
but this was made plain by studying the lit- 
tle disc at the rear end of the larva's body, 
which is decidedly sticky; after a larva is 




Looking a wasp in the face 

dead, its heavy body can be lifted by press- 
ing a match against this disc; thus it evi- 
dently suffices to keep the baby wasp stuck 
fast to its cradle. The larva's body is mostly 
covered with a white, papery, soft " skele- 
ton skin "; the head is yellowish and highly 
polished, looking like a drop of honey. 
At one side may be seen a pair of toothed 
jaws, showing that it is able to take and 
chew the food brought by the nurses. They 
seem to be well-trained youngsters, for 
they all face toward the center of the nest, 
so that a nurse, when feeding them, can 
move from one to another without having 
to pass to the other side of the cell. It is 
a funny sight to behold a cornbful of well- 
grown larvae, each fitting in its cell like 
meal in a bag and with head and several 
segments projecting out as if the bag were 
overflowing. It behooves the wasp larva 
to get its head as far out of the cell as 
possible, so that it will not be overlooked 
by the nurses; the little ones do this by 
holding themselves at the angle of the 
cell; this they accomplish by wedging the 
back into the corner. These young larvas 
do not face inwards like the older ones, 
but rest in an inner angle of the cell. 

After a larva has reached the limit of 
its cell room, it spins a veil around itself 
and fastens it at the sides, so that it forms 
a lining to the upper part of the cell and 
makes a bag over the " head and shoul- 
ders " of the insect. This cocoon is very 
tough, and beneath its loose dome the 
larva skin is shed; the pupa takes on a 
decidedly waspish form, except that the 



color is all black; the legs and the wings 
are folded piously down the breast and 
the antennas lie meekly each side of the 
face, with the " hands " folded outside of 
them; the strong toothed jaws are ready, 
so that when the pupa skin is molted, the 
insect can cut its silken curtain and come 
out into its little nest world as a full- 
fledged yellow jacket. 

What a harlequin the wasp is, in her 
costume of yellow and black! Often in 
the invertebrate world these colors mean 
" sit up and take notice/' and the wasp's 
costume is no exception. Whoever has 
had any experience in meddling with yel- 
low jackets avoids acquaintance with all 
yellow and black insects. Yet we must 
confess that the lady wasp has good taste 
, in dress. The yellow crossbands on her 
black skirt are scalloped, and, in fact, all 
her yellow is put on in a most chic man- 
ner; she, being slender, can well afford to 
dress in roundwise stripes; and she folds 
her wings prettily like a fan, not over her 
back like the mud wasp, which would 
cover her decorations. There is a sensa- 
tion coming to the one who, armed with 
a lens, looks a wasp in the face; she always 
does her hair pompadour, and the yellow 
is here put on with a most bizarre effect, 
in points and arabesques. Even her jaws 
are yellow with black borders and black 
notches. Her antennas are velvety black, 




The antenna-comb or cleaner on the foreleg 
oj a wasp 



her legs are yellow, and her antennae 
comb, on her wrist, Is a real comb and 
quite ornate. 

In the nest which we studied in late 
August, the queen cells were just being 
developed. They were placed in a story 
all by themselves, and they were a third 
larger than the cells of the workers. The 
queen of this nest was a most majestic 
wasp, fully twice as large as any of her sub- 
jects; her face was entirely black, and the 
yellow bands on her long abdomen were 
of quite a different pattern from those on 
the workers; her sting was not so long in 
proportion, but I must confess it looked 
efficient. In fact, a yellow jacket's sting is 
a formidable looking spear when seen 
through a microscope, since it has on 
one side some backward projecting barbs, 
meant to hold it firm when driving home 
the thrust. 

While wasps are fond of honey and 
other sweets, they are also fond of animal 
food and eat a great many insects, benefit- 
ing us greatly by destroying mosquitoes 
and flies. As no food is stored for their win- 
ter use, all wasps excepting the queens die 
of the cold. The queens crawl away to 
protected places and seem to be able to 
withstand the rigors of winter; each queen, 
in the spring, makes a little comb of a few 
cells, covering it with a thin layer of paper. 
She then lays eggs in these cells and gath- 
ers food for the young; but when these 
first members of the family, which are 
always workers, come to maturity, they 
take upon themselves the work of enlarg- 
ing the nest and caring for the young. 
After that, the queen devotes her energies 
to laying eggs. 

Wasps enlarge their houses by cutting 
away the paper from the inside of the cov- 
ering, to give more room for building the 
combs wider; to compensate for this, they 
build additional layers on the outside of 
the nest. Thus it is that every wasp's nest, 
however large, began as a little comb of a 
few cells and was enlarged to meet the 
needs of the rapidly growing family. Or- 
dinarily the nest made one year is not 
used again. 

SUGGESTED READING Fields and Fence- 



INSECTS 383 

rows, by Walter P. Porter and Einar A. 
Hansen; First Lessons in Nature Study, 
by Edith M. Patch; Nature by Seaside 
and Wayside, by Mary G. Phillips and 
Julia M. Wright, Book i, Some Animals 
and Their Homes; also, readings on 
page 300. 

LESSON 95 
THE YELLOW JACKET 

LEADING THOUGHT The wasps were 
the original paper makers, using wood 
pulp for the purpose. Some species con- 
struct their houses of paper in the trees or 
bushes while others build in the ground. 

METHOD Take a deserted wasp-nest, 
the larger the better, and with sharp scis- 
sors remove one side of the covering of the 
nest ? leaving the combs exposed and fol- 
low with the questions and suggestions 
indicated. From this study of the nest en- 
courage the children to observe more 
closely the wasps and their habits, which 
they can do in safety if they learn to move 
quietly while observing. (See Fig. p. 
381.) 

OBSERVATIONS i. Which kind of 
wasp do you think made this nest? Of 
what is the nest made? Where did the 
wasp get the material? How do the wasps 
make wood into paper? 

2. What is the general shape of the 
nest? Is the nest well covered to protect it 
from rain? Where is the door where the 
wasps went in and out? Is the covering of 
the nest all of the same color? Do these 
differences in color give you any idea of 
how the wasps build the paper into the 
nest? Does the paper tear more easily one 
way than another? Is the covering of the 
nest solid or in layers? 

3. How many combs or stories are there 
in the wasp house? How are they fastened 
together and how suspended? 

4. Compare the combs of the wasp-nest 
with those of the honeybee. How do they 
resemble each other and how differ? Do 
the cells open upward or downward? For 
what purpose are the combs in the wasp- 
nest used? Are all the cells of the same 
size? Do you know the reason for this dif- 
ference in size? 



384 ANIMALS 

5. How do the young wasp grubs man- 
age to cling to the cells head downward? 
Are the cells lined with a different color 
and does this lining extend out over the 
opening in some cases? Is this lining of 
the cells made of paper also? Do you know 
how a young wasp looks and how the 
white lining of the cells is made? 

6. Do you believe that some wasps of 
the colony are always posted as sentinels 
at the door to give warning if the colony 
is attacked? 

7. Do wasps store food to sustain them 
during the winter? What happens to them 
during the winter? Is the same nest used 
year after year? 

8. Can you describe the beginning of 
this wasp-nest? When was it made? Tell 
the story of the wasp that made it. How 



large was the nest at first? How was the 
nest enlarged? 

9. What is the food of wasps? How do 
these insects benefit us? 

10. Write a story giving the life history 
of a wasp. 

11. In the summer watch a yellow 
jacket eat from a dish of sweetened fruit 
which you may place out of doors to coax 
her to come where you can carefully ob- 
serve her. What are the colors of the yel- 
low jacket? Where is the yellow? How are 
the yellow bands made ornamental? How 
does she fold her wings? How many wings 
has she? What is the color of her legs? 
Describe her antennae and eyes. How does 
she eat the fruit juice? Can you observe 
the motion of her body when she 
breathes? 



THE LEAF-CUTTER BEE 



One beautiful day in late June when I 
was picking some roses, I saw a bee, almost 
as large as a honeybee but different in 
shape and darker in color, alight on a leaf 




A leaf-cutter bee, its nest, and rose leaves cut 
by the bee 

and, moving with nervous rapidity, cut a 
circle out of a leaf with her jaws " quick- 
er'n a wink "; then, taking the piece be- 
tween her forefeet and perhaps holding 
it also with her jaws, she flew away, the 
green disc looking as large in propor- 
tion to her size as a big bass drum hung to 



the neck of a small drummer. I waited 
long for her to come back, but she came 
not; meanwhile I examined the leaves of 
the rose bush and found many circlets, 
and also many oblong holes with the ends 
deeply rounded, cut from, the leaflets. 

I knew the story of the little bee and 
was glad I had seen her cut a leaflet with 
her jaw shears, which work sidewise like 
real shears. I knew that somewhere she had 
found a cavity big enough for her needs; 
perhaps she had tunneled it herself in the 
dead wood of some post or stump, using 
her jaws to cut away the chips; maybe she 
had found a crevice beneath the shingles 
of a roof or beneath a stone in the field, 
or she may have rolled a leaf; anyway, her 
little cave was several inches long, circular 
in outline and large enough to admit her 
body. She first cut a long piece from the 
rose leaf and folded it at the end of the 
tunnel; and then she brought another and 
another long piece and bent and shaped 
them into a little thimble-like cup, fasten- 
ing them together with some saliva glue 
from her mouth. After the cup was made 
to her liking, she went in search of food, 
which she found in the pollen of some 



INSECTS 



flowers. This pollen was carried not as the 
honeybees do, because she has no pollen 
baskets on her legs; but it was dusted into 
the fur on the lower side of her body; as 
she scraped the pollen off, she mixed it 
with some nectar which she had also 
found in the flowers, and made it into a 
pasty mass and heaped it at the bottom of 
the cup; she probably made many visits to 
flowers before she had a sufficient amount 
of this bee pastry, and then she laid an egg 
upon it; after this, she immediately flew 
back to the rose bush to cut a lid for her 
cup. She is a nice mathematician and she 
cuts the lid just a little larger than the rirn 
of the cup, so that it may be pushed down 
in, making it fit very closely around the 
edges; she then cuts another and perhaps 
another of the same size and puts them 
over and fastened to the first cover. When 
finished, it is surely the prettiest baby bas- 
ket ever made by a mother, all safely en- 
closed to keep out enemies. But her work 
is then only begun. She has other baby- 
baskets to make and she perhaps makes 
ten or more, placing one cup just ahead of 
another in the little tunnel. 

But what is happening meanwhile to 
the bee babies in the baskets? The egg 
hatches into a little white bee grub which 
falls to and eats the pollen and nectar 
paste with great eagerness. As it eats, it 
grows and sheds its skeleton skin as often 
as it becomes too tight, and then eats and 
grows some more. How many mothers 
would know just how r much food it would 
require to develop a child from infancy 
until it grows up! This bee mother knows 
well this amount, and when the food is all 
gone, the little bee grub is old enough to 
change to a pupa; it looks very different 
now 7 and although it is mummy-shaped, 
we can see its folded wings and antennas. 
After remaining a motionless pupa for a 
few days, it sheds its pupa skin and now 
it is a bee just like its mother; but as the 
oldest bee is at the bottom of the tunnel, 
even after it gets its wings and gnaws its 
way out of its basket, it very likely cannot 
escape and find its way out into the sun- 
shiny world, until its younger brothers and 
sisters have gone out before it. 




Anna C. Stryke 

A pansy cut by a leaf-cutter bee 

There are many species of these leaf- 
cutter bees and each species makes its own 
kind of nest, always cutting the same size 
of circlets and usually choosing its own 
special kind of leaf to make this cradle. 
Some are daintier in their tastes and use 
rolled petals instead of leaves; and we have 
found some tiny cups made of gorgeous 
peony petals, and some of pansy petals, a 
most exquisite material. 

At Chautauqua, New York, we found 
a species which rolled maple leaves into a 
tube that held three or four cups, and 
we also found there a bee stowing her 
cups in the open end of a tubular rod used 
to hold up an awning. There are other 
species which make short tunnels in the 
ground for their nests; perhaps the most 
common of all wedge their cups between 
or beneath the shingles on the roofs of 
summer cottages. But, however or wher- 
ever the leaf-cutter works, she is a master 
mechanic and does her work with niceness 
and daintiness. 

SUGGESTED READING Interesting 
Neighbors, by Oliver P. Jenkins; Nature 
by Seaside and Wayside, by Mary G. Phil- 
lips and Julia M. Wright, Book i, Some 
Animals and Their Homes; Nature and 



386 ANIMALS 

Science Readers, by Edith M. Patch and 
Harrison E. Howe ? Book 2, Outdoor 
Visits; also, readings on page 300. 

LESSON 96 
THE LEAF-CUTTER BEE 

LEADING THOUGHT When we see the 
edges of rose leaves with holes of regular 
pattern in them, some of the holes being 
oblong and some circular, we know the 
leaf-cutter bee has cut them to make her 
cradle cups. 

METHOD It is very easy to find in June 
or autumn the leaves from which the leaf- 
cutter bee has cut the bedding for her 
young. Encourage the pupils to look for 
the nest during the summer and to bring 
some of the cups to school when they re- 
turn, so that they may be studied in detail; 
meanwhile the teacher may tell the story 
of the nest. This is rather difficult for the 
pupils to work out. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Do you find rose 
leaves with round holes cut in their edges? 
Do you find on the same bush some leaf- 
lets with oblong holes in them? Sketch or 
describe the rose leaf thus cut, noting ex- 
actly the shape of the holes. Are the cir- 
cular holes of the same size? Are the long 
holes about equal in size and shape? Do 
you find any other plants with holes like 
these cut in them? Do you find any petals 
of flowers thus cut? 

2. What do you think made these 
holes? If an insect were taking a leaf for 
food would the holes be as regular? Watch 
the rose bush carefully and see if you 
can discover the insect which cuts the 
leaf. 

3. Have you ever seen the little black 
bee carrying pieces of rose leaves between 
her front feet? With what instrument do 



you suppose she cut the leaves? Where do 
you think she was going? 

4. Have you ever found the nest of the 
leaf-cutter bee? Was it in a tunnel made 
in dead wood or in some crack or cranny? 
How many of the little rose-leaf cups are 
there in it? How are the cups placed? Are 
the little bees still in the cups or can you 
see the holes through which they crawled 
out? 

5. Take one cup and study it carefully. 
How are the pieces of leaves folded to 
make the cups? How is the lid put on? 
Soak the cup in water until it comes apart 
easily. Describe how many of the long 
pieces were used and how they were bent 
to make a cup. Of how many thicknesses 
is the cover made? Are the covers just the 
same size as the top of the cup or a little 
larger? How does the cover fit so tightly? 

6. If you find the nest in July or early 
August, examine one of the cups carefully 
and see what there is in it. Take off the 
cover without injuring it. What is at the 
bottom of the nest? Is there an insect 
within it? How does it look? What is it 
doing? Of what do you think its food was 
made? How and by whom was the food 
placed in the cup? Place the nest in a box 
or jar with mosquito netting over the top, 
and put it out of doors in a safe and 
shaded place. Look at it often and see 
what this insect changes into. 

7. If the mother bee made each little 
nest cup and put in the beebread and 
honey for her young, which cup contains 
the oldest of the family? Which the 
youngest? How do you think the full- 
grown bees get out of the cup? 

8. Do you think that the same species 
of bee always cuts the same sized holes in 
a leaf? Is it the same species which cuts 
the rose leaves and the pansy petals? 



THE LITTLE CARPENTER BEE 



Take a dozen dead twigs from almost 
any sumac or elder, split them lengthwise, 
and you will find in at least one or two 
of them a little tunnel down the center 
where there was once pith. In the month 



of June or July, this narrow tunnel is made 
into an insect apartment house, one little 
creature in each apartment, partitioned off 
from the one above and the one below. 
The nature of this partition reveals to us 



whether the occupants are bees or wasps; 
if it is made of tiny chips, like fine saw- 
dust glued together, a bee made it and 
there are little bees in the cells; if it is 
made of bits of sand or mud glued to- 
gether, a wasp was the architect and young 
wasps are the inhabitants. Also, if the food 
in the cells is pollen paste, it was placed 
there by a bee; if paralyzed insects or 
spiders are in the cells, a wasp made the 
nest. 

The little carpenter bee (Ceratina 
dupla) is a beautiful creature, scarcely one 
quarter of an inch in length, with metallic 
blue body and rainbow tinted wings. In 
spring, she selects some twig of sumac, 
elder, or raspberry which has been broken, 
and thus gives her access to the pith; this 
she at once begins to dig out, mouthful by 
mouthful, until she has made a smooth 
tunnel several inches long; she gathers pol- 
len and packs beebread in the bottom of 
the cell to the depth of a quarter-inch, 
and then lays upon it a tiny white egg. She 
brings back some of her chips of pith and 
glues them together, making a partition 
about one-tenth of an inch thick, which 
she fastens firmly to the sides of the tun- 
nel; this is the roof for the first cell and 
the floor of the next one; she then gathers 



INSECTS 387 

more pollen, lays another egg ? and builds 
another partition. 

Thus she fills the tunnel, almost to the 
opening, with cells, sometimes as many as 
fourteen; but she always leaves a space for 




The little carpenter bee; her nest, cut open 
to show the eldest larva at the bottom and 
the youngest nearest the entrance 



Nest of the carpenter wasp 

a vestibule near the door, and in this she 
makes her home while her family below 
her are growing up. 

The egg in the lowest cell of course 
hatches first; a little bee grub issues from 
it and eats the beebread industriously. 
This grub grows by shedding its skin w 7 hen 
it becomes too tight, then changes to a 
pupa, and later to a bee resembling its 
mother. But ? though fully grown, it can- 
not get out into the sunshine, for all its 
younger brothers and sisters are blocking 
the tunnel ahead of it; so it simply tears 
down the partition above it and kicks 
away the little pieces. The little grub 
bides its time until the next youngest 
brother or sister tears down the partition 
above its head and pushes the fragments 
into the very face of the elder, which, in 
turn, pushes them away. Thus, while the 
young bees are waiting, they are kept 
more or less busy pushing behind them 
the broken bits of all the partitions above 
them. Finally, the youngest gets its 
growth, and there they all are in the tun- 
nel, the broken partitions behind the 
hindmost at the bottom of the nest, and 
the young bees packed closely together in 
a row with heads toward the door. When 
we find the nest at this period, we know 
the mother because her head is toward 
her young ones and her back to the door. 
A little later, on some bright morning, 
they all come out into the sunshine and 
flit about on gauzy, rainbow wings, a very 
happy family, out of prison. 

But if the brood is a late one, the home 
must be cleaned out and used as a winter 
nest, and still the loyal little mother bee 
stays true to her post; she is the last one 
to enter the nest; and not until they are 



3 88 

all housed within, does she enter. It is 
easy to distinguish her, for her wings are 
torn and frayed with her long labor of 



Nest of the large carpenter wasp 

building the nest, until they scarcely serve 
to carry her afield; but she remains on 
guard over her brood. 

The story of the little carpenter wasps is 
similar to that of the bee, except that we 
have reason to believe they often use her 
abandoned tunnels instead of making new 
ones. They make their little partitions out 
of mud; their pupae are always in long, slen- 
der, silken cocoons, and we have no evi- 



ANIMALS 

dence that the mother remains in attend- 
ance. 

SUGGESTED READING Interesting 
Neighbors, by Oliver P. Jenkins; Nature 
by Seaside and Wayside, by Mary G, 
Phillips and Julia M. Wright, Book i, 
Some Animals and Their Homes; also, 
readings on page 300. 

LESSON 97 
THE LITTLE CARPENTER BEE 

LEADING THOUGHT Not all bees live 
in colonies like the honeybees and bum- 
blebees. One tiny bee rears her brood 
within a tunnel which she makes in the 
pith of sumac, elder, or raspberry. 

METHOD This lesson may be given in 
early summer or in autumn. In spring or 
early summer, the whole family of bees 
in their apartments may be observed; in 
autumn, the empty tenement with the 
fragments of the partitions still clinging 
may be readily found and examined; and 
sometimes a whole family may be found, 
stowed away in the home tunnel, for the 
winter. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Collect dead twigs 
of sumac or elder and cut them in half, 
lengthwise. Do you find any with the pith 
tunneled out? 

2. How long is the tunnel? Are its sides 
smooth? Can you see the partitions which 
divide the long narrow tunnel into cells? 
Look at the partitions with a lens, if neces- 
sary, to determine whether they are made 
of tiny bits of wood or of mud. If made 
of mud, what insect made them? If of lit- 
tle chips, how and by what were they 
constructed? 

3. Are there any insects in the cells? If 
so, describe them. Is there beebread in the 
cells? 

4. For what was the tunnel made? 
With what tools was it made? How are 
the partitions fastened together? How 
does a young bee look? 

5. Write the story of the oldest of the 
bee family which lived in this tunnel. 
Why did it hatch first? On what did it 
feed? When it became a full-fledged bee, 
what did it do? How did it finally get out? 



INSECTS 389 

6. Take a glass tube, the hollow at the a black paper or cloth made fast with rub- 



center being about one-eighth of an inch 
across, a tube which you can get in any 
drug store. Break this tube into sections 
nix or seven inches long, wrap around each 



ber bands, and suspend them in a hedge 
or among thick bushes in May. Examine 
these tubes each week to see i'f the wasps 
or bees are using them. 



THE BUMBLEBEE 

Thou ? in sunny solitudes, 
Rover of the underwoods, 
The green silence dost replace 
With thy mellow, breezy bass. 

EMERSON 



There seems to have been a hereditary 
war between the farm boy and the bum- 
blebee, the hostilities usually initiated by 
the boy. Like many wars, it is very foolish 
and wicked, and has resulted in great harm 
to both parties. Luckily, the boys of today 
are more enlightened; and it is to be hoped 
that they will learn to endure a bee sting 
or two for the sake of protecting these 
diminishing hosts, upon which so many 
flowers depend for earning their pollen; 
for of all the insects of the field, the bum- 
blebees are the best and most needed 
friends of flo\vers. 

The bumblebees are not so thrifty and 
forehanded as are the honeybees, and do 
not provide enough honey to sustain the 
whole colony during the winter. Only the 
mother bees, or queens as they are called, 
survive the cold season. Just how they do 
it we do not know, but probably they are 
better nourished and therefore have more 
endurance than the workers. In early May, 
one of the most delightful of spring visit- 
ants is one of these great buzzing queens, 
flying low over the freshening meadows, 
trying to find a suitable place for her nest; 
and the farmer or fruit grower who knows 
his business is as anxious as she that she 
find suitable quarters, knowing well that 
she and her children will render him most 
efficient aid in growing his fruit and seed. 
She finally selects some cosy place, very 
likely a deserted nest of the field mouse, 
and there begins to build her home. She 
toils early and late, gathering pollen and 



nectar from the blossoms of the orchard 
and other flowers which she mixes into a 
loaf as large as a bean upon which she lays 
a few tiny eggs and then covers them with 
wax. She then makes a honey-pot of wax 




A bumblebee 

as large as a small thimble and fills it with 
honey; thus provided with food she broods 
over her eggs, keeping them warm until 
they hatch. Each little bee grub then bur- 
rows into the beebread, making for itself a 
cave while satisfying its hunger. When 
fully grown, it spins about itself a cocoon, 
changes to a pupa, and then comes out a 
true bumblebee but smaller than her 
queen mother. These workers are daugh- 
ters and are happy in caring for the grow- 
ing family; they gather pollen and nectar 
and add to the mass of beebread for the 
young to burrow in; meanwhile the queen 
remains at home and devotes her energies 



39 



ANIMALS 




A bumblebee nest in midsummer 

to laying eggs. The workers not only care 
for the young, but later they strengthen 
the silken pupa cradles with wax, and thus 
make them into cells for storing honey. 
When we understand that the cells in the 
bumblebee's nest are simply made by the 
young bees burrowing in any direction, we 
can understand why the bumblebee comb 
is so disorderly in the arrangement of its 
cells. Perhaps the boy of the farm would 
find the rank bumblebee honey less like 
the ambrosia of the gods if he knew that 
it was stored in the deserted cradles and 
swaddling clothes of the bumblebee grubs. 

All of the eggs in the bumblebee nest 
in the spring and early summer develop 
into workers which do incidentally the 
vast labor of carrying pollen for thousands 
of flowers; to these only is granted the 
privilege of carrying the pollen for the 
red clover, since the tongues of the other 
bees are not sufficiently long to reach the 
nectar. The red clover does not produce 
seed in sufficient quantify to be a profit- 
able crop unless there are bumblebees to 
pollinate its blossoms. Late in the sum- 
mer, queens and drones are developed 
in the bumblebee nest, the drones, as 
with the honeybees, being mates for the 
queens. But of all the numerous popula- 
tion of the bumblebee nest, only the 
queens survive the rigors of winter, and 
on them and their success depends the fu- 
ture of the bumblebee species. 

There are many species of bumblebees, 
some much smaller than others, but they 
all have the thorax covered with plush 
above and the abdomen hairy, and their 



fur is usually marked in various patterns 
of pale yellow and black. The bumblebee, 
of whatever species, has short but very 
active antennas and a mouth fitted for bit- 
ing as well as for sucking. Between the 
large compound eyes are three simple eyes. 
The wings are four in number and strong; 
the front legs are very short; all the legs 
have hairs over them and end in a three- 
jointed foot, tipped by a claw. On the 
hind leg, the tibia and the first tarsal joint 
are enlarged, making the pollen baskets on 
which the pollen is heaped in golden 
masses. One of the most interesting obser- 
vations possible to make is to note how 
the bumblebee brushes the pollen from 
her fur and packs it into her pollen bas- 
kets. 

SUGGESTED READING Fields and 
Fencerows, by Walter P. Porter and Einar 
A. Hansen; First Lessons in Nature Study, 
by Edith M. Patch; Interesting Neighbors, 
by Oliver P. Jenkins; Nature by Seaside 
and Wayside, by Mary G. Phillips and 
Julia M. Wright, Book i, Some Animals 
and Their Homes; Nature and Science 
Readers, by Edith M. Patch and Harrison 
E. Howe, Book i, Hunting, Book 2, Out- 
door Visits, Book 3, Surprises; also, read- 
ings on page 300. 

LESSON 98 
THE BUMBLEBEE 

LEADING THOUGHT -The bumblebees 
are the chief pollen carriers for most of 
our wild flowers as well as for the clovers 
and other farm plants. They should, there- 
fore, be kindly treated everywhere; and we 
should be careful not to hurt the big queen 
bumblebee, which we see often in May. 

METHOD Ask the questions and en- 
courage the pupils to answer them as they 
have opportunity to observe the bumble- 
bees working in the flowers. A bumblebee 
may be imprisoned in a tumbler for a short 
period for observation, and then allowed 
to go unharmed. It is not advisable to 
study the nest, which is not only a danger- 
ous proceeding for the pupil, but also 
means the destruction of a colony of these 
very useful insects. However, if the loca- 



INSECTS 



391 



tion of a nest is discovered, it may be dug 
up and studied after the first heavy frost. 
Special stress should be laid upon the ob- 
servations of the actions of the bees when 
visiting flowers. 

OBSERVATIONS i. In how many flow- 
ers do you find the bumblebee? Watch 
her closely and see how she gets the nec- 
tar. Notice how she " bumbles around " in 
a flo\ver and becomes dusted with pollen. 
Watch her and note how she gets the 
pollen off her fur and packs it in her pollen 
baskets. On w r hich legs are her pollen bas- 
kets? How does the pollen look when 
packed in them? What does she do with 
pollen and nectar? 

2. Catch a bumblebee in a jelly glass 
and look at her closely. Can you see three 
little eyes between the big compound 
eyes? Describe her antennas. Are they ac- 



tive? How many pairs of wings has she? 
Do you think they are strong? Which pair 
of legs is the shortest? How many seg- 
ments are there in the leg? Do you see the 
claws on the foot? 

3. \\Tiat is the bumblebee's covering? 
What is the color of her plush? Is she 
furry above and below? 

4. Can you see that she can bite as well 
as suck with her mouth-parts? Will a bum- 
blebee sting a person unless she is first 
attacked? 

5. Have you seen the very large queen 
bumblebee in the spring, flying near the 
ground hunting for a place to build a nest? 
Why must you be very careful not to hurt 
her? How does she pass the winter? What 
does she do first, in starting the nest? 

6. In how many ways does the bumble- 
bee benefit us? 



THE HONEYBEE 



During many years naturalists have 
been studying the habits and adaptations 
of the honeybees, and, as yet, the story of 
their wonderful ways is not half told. Al- 
though we know fairly well what the bees 
do, yet we have no inkling of the processes 
which lead to a perfect government and 
management of the bee community; and 
even the beginner may discover things 
never known before about these fascinat- 
ing little workers. In beginning this work 
it might be well to ask the pupils if they 
have ever heard of a republic that has 
many kings and only one queen; and 
where the citizens do all the governing 
without voting, and wiiere the kings are 
powerless and the queen works as hard as 
and longer than any of her subjects; and 
then tell them that the pages of history 
contain no account of a republic so won- 
derful as this; yet the nearest beehive is 
the home of just this sort of government. 

In addition to the interest of the bee 
colony from a nature-study standpoint, it 
is well to get the children interested in bee- 
keeping as a commercial enterprise. A 
small apiary well managed may bring in 
an acceptable income; and it should be the 



source of a regular revenue to the boys and 
girls of the farm, for one hive should net 
the young beekeeper from three to five 
dollars a year and prove a business edu- 
cation to him in the meantime. 

Bees are perfect socialists. They have 
noncompetitive labor, united capital, 
communal habitations, and unity of inter- 
ests. The bee commune is composed of 
castes as immutable as those of the Brah- 
mins, but these castes exist for the benefit 
of the whole society instead of for the 
individuals belonging to them. These 
castes we have named queens, drones, and 
workers, and perhaps we should first of all 




1 2 3 

1, queen bee. 2 } drone. 3, worker 



ANIMALS 



study the physical adaptations of the 
members of these castes for their special 
work in the community. 

THE WORKER 

There are three divisions to the body 
of the bee 7 as in all insects head, thorax, 




From Anatomy and Physiology of the Honeybee by 
Snodgrass. McGraw-Hill Book Company, Inc. 

Legs of the honeybee 

A, front leg of worker showing antenna cleaner (g, h); 
B, spine of antenna cleaner; C, antenna cleaner enlarged; 
D, middle leg of worker, anterior surface; E, left hind 
leg of queen, outer surface; F, left hind leg of worker, 
outer surface, showing pollen basket (Cb) ; G, first tarsal 
joint (Tar.), inner surface, of leg of worker, showing 
pollen, comb (transverse rows of spines); H, left hind 
leg of drone, outer surface 

and abdomen. The head bears the eyes, 
antennae, and mouth-parts (p. 393, W). 
There are two large compound eyes on 
either side of the head and three simple 
eyes between them. The antennas arise 
from the face, each consisting of two parts, 
one straight segment at the base, and the 
end portion which is curved and made up 
of many segments. There is also a short, 
beadlike segment where the antenna joins 
the face. A lens is needed to see the jaws 
of the bee, folded across, much like a pair 



of hooks, and below them the tongue, 
which is a sucking tube; the length of the 
tongue is very important, for upon this 
depends the ability of the bee to get nectar 
from the flowers. 

The thorax bears three pairs of legs be- 
low and two pairs of wings above. Each leg 
consists of six segments, and the foot or 
tarsus has four segments and a pair of 
claws. The front leg has an antenna comb 
between the tibia and tarsus, A(g,h) and 
C; the hind leg has a pollen basket, 
which is a long cavity bordered by hairs 
wherein the pollen is packed and carried, 
F(Cb). 

On the other side of the large joint be- 
yond the pollen basket are rows of spines 
which serve to collect pollen grains from 
other parts of the body, G, and be- 
tween these two large segments is a cleft 
through which pollen is forced in loading 
the baskets. This loading must occur while 
the bee is on the wing, so that the legs 
may be free for the peculiar actions by 
which the loading is brought about. 

The front pair of wings is larger than 
the hind pair. The wings of the old bees 
that have done much work are always 
frayed at the edges. 

There are six segments or rings to the 
abdomen, plainly visible from above. If 
the three to five segments next the thorax 
are marked above with yellow bands on 
their front edges, the bee is an Italian. 
On the lower side of the abdomen, four 
of the segments are composed of a cen- 
tral part with an overlapping plate on 
each side. These flaps cover the eight 
areas through which wax is secreted; but 
without dissection this cannot be seen, 
except when the wax plates are abnormally 
large, in which event they may protrude 
and be visible. The flecks of wax there 
formed are used by the bees to build 
their combs. 

THE QUEEN 

The queen bee is a truly royal insect. 
She is much larger than the worker, her 
body being long and pointed, and extend- 
ing far beyond the tips of her closed wings, 
giving her a graceful form. She has no pol- 



INSECTS 



393 



len baskets or pollen comb upon her legs, 
because it Is not a part of her work to 
gather pollen or honey. The queen bee 
starts life as an ordinary worker egg. which 
is selected for special development. The 
workers tear down the partitions of the 
cells around the chosen egg and build a 
projection over the top, making an apart- 
ment. The little white bee grub, as 
soon as it hatches, is fed for five days 
on the same food that is given to the 
worker grubs in the earliest part of their 
feeding period; it is a special substance, 
secreted by the worker bees, called royal 
jelly. This food is very nourishing, and af- 
ter being reared upon it, the princess larva 
weaves around herself a silken cocoon and 
changes to a pupa. Meanwhile the workers 
have sealed her cell with wax. 

\\Tien the princess pupa changes to the 
full-grown queen she cuts a circular door 
in the cover of the cell and pushes through 
it into the world. Her first real work is to 
hunt for other queen cells, and if she finds 
one she will, if not hindered, make a hole 
in its side and destroy the poor princess 
within. If she finds another full-grown 
queen, the two fight until one succumbs. 
The queen rarely uses her sting upon any- 
thing or anyone except a rival queen. 

After a few days she takes her marriage 
flight in the air, where she mates with 
some drone, and then returns to her hive 
and begins her great work as mother of 




Comb of the honeybee. The beginnings of 
two queen cells are represented on the lower 
edge of the comb, and a completed queen cell 
extends over the face of the comb near the left- 
side. From the lower end of it hangs a lid 
which was cut away by the workers to allow 
the queen to emerge 



the colony. She runs about on the conib, 
pokes her head into a eel! to see if it is 
ready, then turning about thrusts her ab- 
domen in and neatly glues an egg fast to 
the bottom. 

When the honey season is at its height 
she works with great rapidity, sometimes 
laying at the rate of six eggs a minute, 
often producing two thousand eggs dur- 
ing a day, which would equal in weight her 
own body. If the workers do not allow her 
to destroy the other developing queens, 
she departs from the hive with a major 
portion of the worker bees in what is 
known as a swarm, seeking a home else- 
where. 

THE DRONE 

The drone differs much from the queen 
and the worker. He is broad and blunt, be- 
ing very different in shape from the queen, 
and larger than the worker (p. 591, 
Fig. 2 | . He has no pollen baskets on his 
legs and has no sting. His eyes are very 
much larger than those of the queen or 
the worker and unite at the top of the 
head (D, below*. His wings are larger 
and stronger than those of the worker or 




A. J. Hamrnar 



D, head of drone. Q, head of queen bee. W, 
head of worker. X, worker bee seen from un- 
derneath, showing plates of wax secreted from 
the wax pockets 



394 



ANIMALS 



queen. It Is not his business to go out and 
gather honey or to help in the work of the 
hive. His tongue is not long enough to get 
honey from the flowers; he has no pollen 
basket In which to carry pollen; he has no 
sting to fight enemies and no pockets for 
secreting wax; he is fed by his sister work- 
ers until the latter part of the season when 
the honey supply runs low, and then he is 
driven from the hive to die of starvation. 
The drone should be called a prince or 
king, since his particular office in the hive 
is to mate with the queen. 

SUGGESTED READING - The Bee People, 
by Margaret \V. Morley; The Busy Little 
Honeybee, by Josephine M. True; The 
Children's Life of the Bee, by Maurice 
Maeterlinck; Fields and Fencerows, by 
Walter P. Porter and Einar A. Hansen; 
Honeybees and Fain- Dust, by Maw G. 
Phillips; Nature by Seaside and Way- 
side, by Man* G. Phillips and Julia M. 
Wright, Book i, Some Animals and Their 
Homes; Our Insect Friends and Foes and 
Spiders, published by the National Geo- 
graphic Society; also, readings on page 300. 

LESSON 99 
THE HONEYBEE 

LEADING THOUGHT In a colony of 
honeybees there are three different forms 
of bees, the queens, the drones ? and the 
workers. All of these have their own spe- 
cial work to do for the community. 

METHOD In almost every country or 
village community there is an apiary, or at 
least someone who keeps a few colonies 
of bees; to such the teacher may turn for 
material for this lesson. If this is not prac- 
tical the teacher may purchase specimens 
from any bee dealer; she may, for instance, 
get an untested queen with attendant 
workers in a queen cage sent by mail for a 
small sum. These could be kept alive for 
some time by feeding them with honey, 
during w r hicri time the pupils can study 
the forms of the two castes. Any apiary 
during September will give enough dead 
drones for a class to observe. Although 
ordinarily we do not advocate the study of 
dead specimens, yet common sense surely 



has its place in nature-study; and in the 
case of the honeybee, a closer study of the 
form of the insect than the living bee 
might see fit to permit is desirable. There 
are no more wonderful instances of adap- 
tation of form to life than is found in 
the anatomy of the workers, queens, and 
drones; moreover, it is highly desirable, 
if the pupils are ever to become beekeep- 
ers, that they know these adaptations. 

A lens is almost necessary for these les- 
sons and a compound microscope used 
with a low power would be a very desirable 
adjunct. This lesson should not be given 
below the fifth grade; and it is better 
adapted to eighth-grade work. 

THE WORKER 

OBSERVATIONS i . How many divi- 
sions of the body are there? 

2. What organs are borne on the head? 

3. Are there small, simple eyes between 
the large compound ones? 

4. What is the difference between the 
large eyes and the small? 

5. Describe the antennae. 

6. What can you see of the mouth? De- 
scribe it. 

7. Look at the tongue under the micro- 
scope and see how it is fitted for getting 
nectar from flowers. 

8. What organs are borne on the tho- 
rax? 

9. Study the front or middle leg. How 
many joints has it? 

10. With a lens find the antennae- 
cleaner on the front leg. Describe it. 

11. Describe the feet and claws. 

12. Compare the third segment of the 
hind leg with that of the front leg. 

13. Note that this segment of the hind 
leg is much wider. Note its form and de- 
scribe how it forms the pollen basket. 

14. Note the cleft through which the 
pollen is forced in loading the pollen bas- 
kets and the pollen combs just below it. 

15. Compare the front and hind wing 
as to shape and size. 

16. How many rings are there on the 
abdomen and how are the rings colored 
above? 



INSECTS 



395 



17. Study the lower side of the body; 
do you know where the wax comes from? 

18, Write an account of the develop- 
ment of the larva of the worker bee; the 
duties of a worker bee from the time it 
issues from its cocoon until it dies work- 
ing for the colony. 

THE QUEEN BEE 

1. How does the queen differ in size 
and shape from the worker? 

2. Has she pollen baskets or pollen 
combs on her hind legs? 

3. How does the shape of the abdomen 
differ from that of the worker? 

4. Write a story of the life of a queen 
bee. This should cover the following 
points: The kind of cell in which the 
queen is developed; the kind of food on 
which she is reared; the fact that she rarely 
stings people, but reserves her sting for 
other queens; why she does not go out to 
gather honey; how and by whom and on 
what she is fed; she would not use pollen 
baskets if she had them; the work she does 
for the colony; the length of her life com- 
pared with that of a worker; the time of 



year when new queens are developed, and 
what becomes of the old queen when a 
new one takes her place; why she is called 
a queen. 

THE DRONE 

1. How does the drone differ in size 
and form of body from the worker? 

2. How does he differ in these respects 
from the queen? 

3. Has he pollen baskets on his legs? 

4. Has he a sting? 

5. Compare his eyes with those of the 
queen and the worker. 

6. Compare the size of his wings with 
those of the queen and the worker. 

7. Write a composition on the drone. 
This should cover the following points: 
In what sort of cell the drone is developed; 
whether he goes out to gather honey or 
help in the work of the hive; how he is fed; 
how he is unfitted for work for the colony 
in the following particulars: tongue, lack 
of pollen baskets, lack of sting, and of wax 
pockets; why the drone should be called 
a prince or king; the death of the drones; 
when and bv what means it occurs. 



HONEYCOMB 



The structure of honeycomb has been 
for ages admired by mathematicians, who 
have measured the angles of the cells and 
demonstrated the accurate manner in 
which the rhomb-shaped cell changes at 
its base to a three-faced pyramid; and have 
proved that, considering the material of 
construction^ honeycomb exemplifies the 
strongest and most economic structure 
possible for the storing of liquid contents. 
While recent instruments of greater pre- 
cision in measuring angles show less per- 
fection in honeycomb than the ancients 
believed, yet the fact still stands that the 
general plan of it is mathematically ex- 
cellent. 

Some have tried to detract from bee 
skill, by stating that the six-sided cell is 
simply the result of crowding cells to- 
gether. Perhaps this was the remote origin 



of the hexagonal cell; but if we watch a 
bee build her comb, we find that she be- 
gins with a base laid out in triangular pyra- 
mids., on either side of which she builds 
out six-sided cells. A cell just begun, is as 
distinctly six-sided as when completed. 

The cell of a honeycomb is six-sided in 
cross section. The bottom is a three-sided 
pyramid and its sides help form pyramids 
at the bottom of the cells opposite, thus 
economizing every particle of space. In the 
hive, the cells usually lie horizontal, al- 
though sometimes the combs are twisted. 
The honey is retained in the cell by a cap 
of wax which is made in a very cunning 
fashion; it consists of a circular disc at the 
middle supported from the six angles of 
the cell by six tiny girders. The comb is 
made fast to the section of the hive by 
being plastered upon it. The comb foun- 



396 ANIMALS 

elation sold to apiarists is quite thick, so 
that the edges of the cell may be drawn 
out and almost complete the sides of the 
cell. This comb foundation is beauti- 
fully constructed in imitation of the 
base of the normal cells, and some- 




*4 section of honey. Each cell is capped and 
supported by six girders 

times has some surplus wax in it which 
can be used to draw out the first part of 
the sides of the cell. In order to make a 
fine section of comb honey, the apiarist 
uses a full sheet of this material, which 
guides the bees in the direction of their 
comb and gives uniform cells throughout. 
The cells of honeycomb are used also for 
the storing of beebread and also as cradles 
for the young bees. 

LESSON 100 
THE HONEYCOMB 

LEADING THOUGHT The cells of 
honeycomb are six-sided and in double 



rows and are very perfectly arranged for 
the storing of honey, so as to save room. 

MATERIALS A section filled with 
honey and also a bit of empty comb and 
a bit" of commercial comb foundation 
which may be obtained in any apian-. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Look at a bit of 
empty honeycomb; what is the shape of 
the cell as you look down into it? 

2. \\Tiat is the shape of the bottom of 
the cell? 

3. How does the bottom of the cell join 
the bottom of the cell opposite? Explain 
how honeycomb economizes space as stor- 
age for honey, and why an economy of 
space is of use to bees in the wild state. 

4. In the hive is the honeycomb placed 
so that the length of the cells is horizontal 
or up and down? 

5. Observe honeycomb containing 
honey; how is the honey retained in the 
cells? 

6. Carefully take off a cap from the 
honey cell and see if you can find the six 
girders that extend inward from the angles 
of the cell to support the circular portion 
in the center. 

j. By what means is the honeycomb 
made fast to the sides of the section or the 
hive? 

8. Study a bit of comb foundation and 
note where the bees will pull out the wax 
to form the cell. 

9. Why and how is comb foundation 
used by the bee-keeper? 

10. For what purpose besides storing 
honey are the cells of honeycomb used by 
the bees? 



INDUSTRIES OF THE HIVE AND THE OBSERVATION HIVE 



Beehives are the houses which man fur- 
nishes for the bee colonies, the wild bees 
ordinarily living in hollow trees or in caves. 
The usual hive consists of a box which is 
the lower story and of one or more upper 
stories, called " supers." In the lower story 
are placed frames for the brood and for 
storing the honey for the winter use of 
the bees. In the supers are placed either 
large frames containing comb for the stor- 



age of honey which is to be thrown out 
and sold as liquid honey by means of a 
honey extractor, or smaller sections which 
contain about one pound of honey and 
which are sold as made by the bees. It is 
the habit of the bees to place their brood 
in the lower part of their nests and store 
honey in the upper portions. The bee- 
keepers have taken advantage of this habit 
of the bees and remove the supers with 



INSECTS 



397" 



their filled combs and replace them with 
others to be filled, and thus ^et a large 
crop of honey. The number of bees in a 

colony varies; there should be at least 
forty thousand in a healthy colony. Of 

these a large proportion are workers; there 
may be a few hundred drones the latter 
part of the season, but only one queen. 
Honeycomb is built of wax and is hung 

from the frame so that the cells are hori- 
zontal; its purpose is to cradle the young 
and for the storage of pollen and honey. 
The wax used for building the comb is a 

secretion of the bees; when comb is 
needed a number of self-elected bee citi- 
zens gorge themselves with honey and 
hang themselves up in a curtain, each bee 
reaching up with her fore feet and taking 
hold of the hind feet of the one above her. 
After remaining thus for some time the 
wax appears in little plates, one on each 
side of the second, third, fourth, and fifth 
segments of the abdomen. This wax is 
chewed by the bees and made into comb. 

Honey is made from the nectar of flow- 
ers which the bee takes into her honey 
stomach. This, by the way. is not the true 
stomach of the bee and has nothing to do 
with digestion. It is simply a receptacle 
for storing the nectar, which Is mixed with 
some secretion from the glands of the bee 
that brings about chemical changes, the 
chief of which is changing the cane sugar 
of the nectar into the more easily digested 
grape sugar and fruit sugar of the honey. 
After the honey is emptied from the 
honey stomach into the cell, it remains 
exposed to the air for some time before 
the cell is capped, and thus ripens. It is 
an interesting fact that up to the seven- 
teenth century honey was the only means 
people had for sweetening their food, as 
sugar was unknown. 

Beebread is made from the pollen of 
iowers which is mixed with nectar or 
honey so as to hold it together; it is car- 
ried from the field on the pollen baskets of 
the hind legs of the workers; it is packed 
into the cell by the bees and is used for 
food for the developing brood. Propolis is 
l&gt;ee glue; it is used as a cement and varnish; 
it is gathered by the bees from the leaf 




bn^N if ttrLici trtt&gt; UK! p! 
vhcn tht'. cjn ^tt it, till 



Lilt 



fresh varnish. It is used as a filler to make 

smooth the rough places of the hive; it 
often helps hold the combs in place; it 
calks everv crack; it is applied as a varnish 
to the cells of the honeycomb if they re- 
main unused for a time, and if the door of 
the observation hive be left open, the 'bees 
will cover the inside of the glass with this 
glue, and thus make the interior of the 
hive dark. 

The young bees are footless, white 
grubs. Each one lives in its own little cell 
and is fed by the nurse bees, which give it 
food already largely digested; this food 
the nurse bees secrete from glands in their 
heads. 

The removal of honey from the supers 
does not do any harm to the bee colony 
if there is enough honey left in the brood 
chambers to support the bees during the 
winter. There should be forty pounds of 
honey left in the brood chamber for win- 
ter use. In winter, the hives should be pro- 
tected from the cold by being placed in 
special houses or by being encased in 
larger "boxes, an opening being left so that 
the bees may come out in good weather. 
The chaff hive is best for both winter and 
summer, as it surrounds the hive with a 
space which is filled with chaff, and keeps 
the hive warm in winter and cool in sum- 
mer. Many beekeepers put their bees in 
cellars during the winter, but this method 
is not as safe as the packed hive. Care 
should be taken in summer to place the 
hives so that they are shaded at least part 



398 ANIMALS 

of the day. The grass should be mown 
around the hives so that the bees will not 
become entangled in it as they return from 
the fields laden with honey. 

What may be seen in the observation 
hive First of all, it is very interesting 
to watch the bees build their comb. When 
more comb is needed, certain members of 
the colony gorge themselves with honey 
and remain suspended while it oozes out 
of the wax pockets on the lower side of 
the abdomen. This wax is collected and 
chewed to mate it less brittle and then is 
carried to the place where the comb is be- 
ing built and is molded into shape by the 
jaws of the workers. However, the bee that 
puts the wax in place is not always the one 
that molds it into comb. 

A bee comes into the hive with her 
honey stomach filled with nectar and dis- 
gorges this into a cell. When a bee comes 
in loaded with pollen, she first brushes it 
from the pollen baskets on her hind legs 
into the cell; later another worker comes 
along and packs the pollen grains into the 
cell. 

The bee nurses run about on the comb 
feeding the young bee grubs partially di- 
gested honey and pollen. Whenever the 
queen moves about the comb she is fol- 
lowed by a retinue of devoted attendants 
which feed her on the rich and perfectly 
digested royal jelly and also take care of 
her royal person and give her every atten- 
tion possible. The queen, when laying, 
thrusts her abdomen into the cell and 
glues a little white egg to the bottom. The 
specially interesting thing about this is 
that the queen always lays an egg which 
will produce a female or worker in the 
smaller cells, and will always lay an egg 
to produce a drone or male in the larger 
cells. 

If there is any foreign substance in the 
observation hive, it is interesting to see 
the bees go to work at once to remove it. 
They dump all of the debris out in front 
of the hive. They close all crevices in the 
hive; and they will always curtain the glass, 
if the door is kept open too much, with 
propolis or bee glue, the sticky substance 
which they get from leaf buds and other 



vegetable sources. \\Tien bees fan to set 
up a current of air in the hive, they glide 
back and forth, moving the wings so rap- 
idly that we can only see a blur about their 
bodies. 

If drones are developed in the hive, it 
is interesting to see how tenderly they 
are fed by their sister workers, although 
they do not hesitate to help themselves 
to the honey stored in the cells; and if the 
observation hive is working during Sep- 
tember, undoubtedly the pupils may be 
able to see the murder of the drones by 
their sisters. But the children should un- 
derstand that this killing of the drones 
is necessary for the preservation of the 
colony, as the workers could not store 
enough honey to keep the colony alive 
during the winter if the drones were al- 
lowed to go on feeding. 

If you see the worker bees fighting, it 
means that robbers are attempting to get 
at the stores of the observation hive. The 
entrance to the hive should at once be 
contracted by placing a block of wood in 
front, so that there is room for only one 
bee at a time to pass in and out. 

LESSON 101 

THE INDUSTRIES OF THE HIVE 

LEADING THOUGHT In the hive are 
carried on the industries of wax-making, 
building of honeycomb, storing of honey 
and beebread, caring for the young, keep- 
ing the hive clean and ventilated, and calk- 
ing all crevices with bee glue. 

METHOD This lesson should be in 
the nature of a demonstration. If there 
is an apiary in the neighborhood, it is 
quite possible that the teacher may show 
the pupils a hive ready for occupancy by 
the bees; in any case she will have no 
difficulty in borrowing a frame of brood 
comb, and this with a section of honey, 
which can be bought at the grocery, is 
sufficient if there is no observation hive. 
This lesson may be an informal talk be- 
tween teacher and pupils. 

An observation hive in the schoolroom 
is an object of greatest interest to the 
pupils, as through its glass sides they may 



INSECTS 



be able to verify for themselves the won- 
derful tales concerning the lives and do- 
ings of the bees which have been told us 
by naturalists. Moreover, the study thus 
made of the habits of the bees is an ex- 
cellent preparation for the practical apia- 
rist, and we sincerely believe that bee- 
keeping is one of the ways by which the 
boys and girls of the farm may obtain 
money for their own use. 

The observation hive is very simply con- 
structed and can be made by anyone who 
knows how to use ordinary carpenter tools. 
It is simply a small, ordinary hive with a 
pane of glass on each side which is cov- 
ered by a hinged door. A hive thus made 
is placed so that the front end rests upon 
a window-sill; the sash is lifted an inch 
or so, a strip of wood or a piece of wire 
netting being inserted underneath the 
sash except in front of the entrance of the 
hive, to hinder the bees from coming 
back into the room. A covered passageway 
should extend from the entrance of the 
hive to the outside of the window-sill. 
This window should be one which opens 
away from the playground so that the bees 
coming and going will not conie into col- 
lision with the pupils. The observation 
window should be kept carefully shut, 
except when the pupils are using it, 
since the bees object to light in their 
homes. 

Listed in the Source of Materials at 
the back of this book is an observation hive 
which we have used by stocking it afresh 
each season, it being too small for a 
self-sustaining colony. But it has the ad- 
vantage of smallness which enables us to 
see all that is going on within it, which 
would be impossible in a larger hive. This 
hive comes in several sizes, and will be 
shipped from the makers stocked with 
bees. 

OBSERVATIONS Industries and Care 
of the Hive i . What is the hive, and 
what do wild bees use instead of the hive? 
Describe as follows: 

2. A brood chamber and a super and 
the uses of each. 

3. How many and what bees live in a 
hive. 




Verne Morton 



A hornets' nest. The entrance, near the bot- 
tom, may be seen 

4. How the honeycomb is made and 
placed and the purpose of it. 

5. How the wax is produced and built 
into the comb, 

6. How honey is made. 

j. \\Tiat beebread is and its uses. 

8. \\Tiat propolis is and what it is used 
for. 

9. How young bees look and how they 
are cradled and fed. 

10. Does the removal of the honey from 
the supers in the fall do any harm to the 
bee colony? 

11. How much honey should a good- 
sized colony have in the fall to winter 
well? 

12. How should the hives be protected 
in the winter and summer? 

What may be seen in the observation 
hive 13. Describe how a bee works 
when building honeycomb. 

14. How does the bee act when storing 
honey in a cell? 

15. How does a bee place pollen in a 
cell and pack it into beebread? 

16. Describe how the nurse bees feed 



400 



ANIMALS 



the young, and how the young look when 
eating. 

17. Describe how the 4 * ladies in wait- 
ing " feed and care for the queen. 

18. Try to observe the queen when she 
is laying eggs and describe her actions. 

19. How do the bee workers keep their 
house clean? 

20. How do they stop all crevices in 



the hive? If you keep the hive uncovered 
too long, how will they curtain the win- 
dow? 

21. Describe the actions of the bees 
when they are ventilating the hive. 

22. If there are any drones in the hive, 
describe how they are fed. 

23. How can you tell queens, drones, 
and workers apart? 



INSECTS OF THE BROOK AND POND 



The insects considered on pages 400' to 
415 spend a part or all of their lives in 
brooks and ponds. These insects may be 







From Elementary Lessons on Insects, Needfaam 

A tray of -water with floating algae, weeds, 

etc., dipped from a pond 

A, a may -fly nymph. B, a damsel-fly nymph. C, a 

midge larva. D, the flocculent dwelling tube of a smaller 

raldge larva. E, a water strider. F, a small dragonfly 
nymph. G, a tadpole 

easily studied in the schoolroom, if an 
aquarium is available. The aquarium may 
be quite simple, or it may be a more elabo- 
rate one. See Fig. page 5. 

SUGGESTED READING Along the Broolc, 
by Raymond T. Fuller; Field Book of 
Ponds and Streams, by Ann H. Morgan; 
Life of Inland Waters, by James G. Need- 
ham and J. T. Lloyd; The Pond Book, by 



Walter P. Porter and Einar A. Hansen; 

also, readings on page 300. 

LESSON 102 
How TO MAKE AN AQUARIUM 

The schoolroom aquarium may be a 
very simple affair and still be effective. Al- 
most any glass receptacle will do, glass be- 
ing chosen because of its transparency, so 
that the life within may be observed. 
Tumblers, jelly tumblers, fruit jars, butter 
jars, candy jars, and battery jars are all 
available for aquaria. The tumblers are 
especially recommended for observing the 
habits of aquatic insects. 

To MAKE AN AQUARIUM: i. Place in 
the jar a layer of sand an inch or more in 
depth. 

2. In this sand plant the water plants 
which you find growing under water in 
a pond or stream; the plants most avail- 
able are waterweed, bladderwort, water 
starwort, water cress, stoneworts, frog spit- 
tle, or water silk. 

3. Place on top a layer of small stones 
or gravel; this is to hold the plants in 
place. 

4. Tip the jar a little and pour in very 
gently at one side water taken from a pond 
or stream. Fill the jar to within two or 
three inches of the top; if it be a jelly 
tumbler, fill to within an inch of the top. 

5. Let it settle. 

6. Place it in a window which does not 
get too direct sunlight. A north window 
is the best place; if there is no north win- 
dow in the schoolroom, place it far enough 
at one side of some other window so that 
it will not receive too much sunlight. 



INSECTS 



401 



7. To get living creatures for the aquar- 
ium use a dip net, which is made like a 
shallow insect net. 

8. Dip deep into the edges of the pond 
and be sure to bring up some of the leaves 
and mud, for it is in these that the little 
water animals live. 

9. As fast as dipped up, these should be 
placed in a pail of water, so that they may 
be carried to the schoolroom. 

10. After the material has been brought 
into the schoolroom, it should be poured 
out into a shallow pan so that it can be 
sorted into other containers for further 
study. A little experience will soon show 
what kinds of creatures are likely to eat 
others in an aquarium. By putting similar 
ones together in one container, it will be 
quite possible to distribute them in such 
a manner that there will not be many fa- 
talities. It is \vell to put only a few crea- 
tures in each container. 

THE CARE OF THE AQUARIUM Care 
should be taken to preserve the plant life 
in the aquarium, as the plants are neces- 
sary to the life of the animals. They not 
only supply the food, but they give off 
the oxygen which the animals need for 
breathing, and they also take up from the 
w r ater the poisonous carbonic acid gas 
given off from the bodies of the animals. 

1. The aquarium should be kept where 
there is a free circulation of air. 

2. If necessary to cover the aquarium 
to prevent the insects, like the water boat- 
men and water beetles, from escaping, tie 
over it a bit of mosquito netting, or lay 
upon the top a little square of the wire 
netting used for window screens. 

3. The temperature should be kept 
rather cool; it is better that the water of 
the aquarium should not be warmer than 



50 degrees Fahrenheit, but this is not al- 
ways possible in the schoolroom. 




An inexpensive and durable aquarium 

4. If any insects or animals die in the 
aquarium, they should be removed at 
once, as the decomposing bodies render 
the water foul. 

5. To feed the animals that live upon 
other animals, take a bit of raw beef, tie 
a string to it and drop it in, leaving the 
free end of the string outside of the jar. 
After it has been in one day, pull it out; for 
if it remains longer it will make the water 
foul. 

6. As the water evaporates it should be 
replaced with water from the pond. 

SUGGESTED READING An Aquarium 
Boole for Boys and Girls, by Alfred P. 
Morgan; The Complete Aquarium Book, 
by William T. Innes. 



THE DRAGONFLIES AND DAMSEL FLIES 



A pond without dragonflies darting 
above it, or without the exquisitely irides- 
cent damsel flies clinging to the leaves of 
its border would be a lonely place indeed. 
As one watches these beautiful insects, 
one wonders at the absurd errors w r hich 
have crept into popular credence about 



them. Who could be so silly as to believe 
that they could sew up ears or that they 
could bring dead snakes to life! The queer 
names of these insects illustrate the prej- 
udices of the ignorant deviTs-darning- 
needles, snake doctors, snake feeders, etc. 
Despite all this slander, the dragonflies re- 



AQUATIC IXSECT8 



1. STONE FLY, Piecoptera. Left, adult; 

right, nymph. The adults are most commonly 
seen in numbers about street lights. The 
nymphs sic'tm or crawl; they are found on 
the underside of rocks in swiftly-flowing 
permanent streams. 

2. MAY FLY, Epkemerida. Left, nymph; 

right, adult. At most, the adults live only one 

or two days. The nymphs live in all sorts of 
aquatic situations. 

3. BACK SWOOIER* Xptonecta. The bad: 

of this insect is shaped like the bottom of a 
boat, so that by using the hind legs for oars 
it swims on its back with great ease. 

4. WATER BOATMAN, Corixa. Although this 
insect swims, it spends much of the time an- 
chored on the bottom of the stream or pond. 
Even during the winter months the water 
boatman is active beneatlt the ice. 

5. WATER WALKING STICK, Ranatra. -4 long 

breathing-tube is to be found at the end of 
this insect's abdomen; by means of this tube, 
the insect can rest at the bottom of a very 
shallow pond and still breathe by projecting 
the tube to the surface of the water. 

6. WATER SCORPION, Nepa. This insect 
looks quite lifeless as it waits quietly in the 
trash of a shallow pond for its prey. With its 
sharp sucking beak and its strong front legs 
it attacks many aquatic animals which are 
larger than itself. 

7. WATER BUG, Belostoma. After the female 
has glued her numerous eggs to the back of 
the male, he very obligingly stays near the 
surface of the water and elevates the eggs into 
the air where they hatch. 

8. GIANT WATER BUG OR ELECTRIC-LIGHT 
BUG, Benacus. The striped eggs of this insect 
are large and are laid in clusters on some 
piece of vegetation which projects from water. 

9. WATER STRIDER, Gerris. These preda- 
cious insects move at a rapid but somewhat 

uncertain rate over the surface of more quiet 
waters. 

10. DOBSON, Corydalis. Larva at left; fe- 
male adult in center; head of male at right. 
The larvce t known as hellgrammites, are 
found under stones in the beds of swiftly-flow- 
ing streams. 



11. PREDACIOUS DIVING BEETLE, Dytiseus. 

Larva at left; adult at right. The larvoe seize 
aquatic creatures much larger than themselves 
and suck the softer portions from their bod- 
ies. The brownish-blade adults are seen in 
quiet water. 

12. DIVING BEETLE, Acilius. Larva at left; 
adult at right. It is a common sight to see the 
slender larva hanging head down with their 
air-breathing "tails" projecting into the air 

through the upper surface of the water. 

13. WATER SCAVENGER BEETLE, Hydroph- 
ilus. Larva at left; adult at right. In quiet 

pools, these black beetles may be found swim- 
ming through the water or hanging head up 

at the surface. 

14. WHIRLIGIG BEETLE, Gyrinus. One may 
see companies of these bluish-black, flattened 
beetles "whirling about over the surface of 
brooks or ponds. Their eyes are divided in 
such a manner as to appear as four eyes 
two looking into the water and two looking 
into the air. 

15. WATER PENNY OR RIFFLE BEETLE, 
Psephenus. Larva, left, shows back view; 
right shows side view. During any season 
these larva? can be found clinging tightly to 
the lower surface of stones in rapid streams. 
In general appearance they resemble a crusta- 
cean more than an insect. 

16. BLACK FLY, Simulium. The larvce are 
aquatic and are able to maintain their position 

in rapid water by means of a sucking disk at 
the tail end of the body. Great numbers of 
these larva? form the so-called " black moss " 

which is so evident in some streams in early 

summer. 

17. CRANE FLY, Tipula. Larva at left; 
adult at right. Great variations as to habits 
and habitats exist among the larvos of the 
various kinds of crane flies; some are aquatic, 
some live on plants, and still others live in 
soil. 

IB. DRONE FLY, Eristalis. Left, larva, often 
called the rat-tailed maggot; right, adult. 
The drone fly resembles so closely a male 
honey bee that as it hovers about flowers it is 
often mistaken for a drone bee. The larva, or 
rat-tailed maggot, lives about decaying plant 
and animal material in foul water. The tail- 
like appendage at the rear end of the body is 
a breathing-tube. 




From Comman Water Insects* by Ann Morgan 




ANIMALS 



From, f hit do or Studies, Necdharn 

The ten-spot, a common dragonfly 

main not only entirely harmless to man, 
but in reality his friends and allies in wag- 
ing war against flies and mosquitoes; they 
are especially valuable in battling mos- 
quitoes sinee the nymphs, or young, of the 
dragonfly take the wrigglers in the water, 
and the adults, on swiftest wings, take the 
mosquitoes that are hovering over ponds 
laying their eggs. 

The poets have been lavish in their at- 
tention to these interesting insects and 
have paid them delightful tributes, Riley 
says : 

Till the dragon fly, in light gauzy armor 

burnished bright. 

Came tilting down the waters in a wild, 
bewildered flight. 

Tennyson drew inspiration for one of 
his most beautiful poems from the two 
stages of dragonfly life. But perhaps Low- 
ell in that exquisite poem, The Fountain 
of Youth, gives us the perfect description 
of these insects: 

In summer-noon flushes 
When all the wood hushes, 
Blue dragon-flies Jbiitting 
To and fro in the sun. 
With sidelong jerk flitting. 
Sink down on the rushes. 
And, motionless sitting, 
Hear it bubble and run, 
Hear its low inward singing 
With level wings swinging 
On green rasselled rushes, 
To dream in the sun. 



It is while we, ourselves, are dreaming in 
the sun by the margin of some pond, that 
these swift children of the air seem but a 
natural part of the dream. Yet if we waken 
to note them more closely, we find many 
things very real to interest us. First, they 
are truly children of the sun, and if some 
cloud throws its shadow on the waters for 
some moments, the dragonflies disappear 
as if they wore the invisible cloak of the 
fairy tale. Only a few of the common 
species fly alike in shade and sunshine, and 
early and late. The best known of these is 
the big, green skimmer which does not 
care so much for ponds, but darts over 
fields and even dashes into our houses 
now and then. Probably it is this species 
which has started all of the dragonfly 
slander, for it is full of curiosity, and will 
hold itself on wings whirring too rapidly 
to make even a blur, while it examines 
our faces or inspects the pictures or fur- 
niture or other objects which attract it. 

Another thing we may note when 
dreaming by the pond is that the larger 
species of dragonflies keep to the higher 
regions above the water, while the smaller 
species and the damsel flies flit near its sur- 
face. Well may the smaller species keep 




A damsel fly 

below their fierce kindred; otherwise they 
would surely be utilized to sate their hun- 
ger, for these insects are well named drag- 
ons, and dragons do not stop to inquire 



INSECTS 



405 



whether their victims are relatives or not. 
It is when they are resting that the dragon- 
flies and damsel flies reveal their most no- 
ticeable differences. The dragonfly ex- 
tends both wings as if in flight while it 
basks in the sun or rests in the shadow. 
There is a big, white-bodied species called 
the whitetail which slants its wings for- 
ward and down when it rests; but the 
damsel flies fold their wings together over 
the back when resting. The damsel flies 




Nymph oj a damsel fly on an aquatic plant 

have more brilliantly colored bodies than 
do the dragonflies, many of them being 
iridescent green or copper}-; they are more 
slender and delicate in form. The damsel 
fly has eyes which are so placed on the 
sides of the head as to make it look like 
a cross on the front of the body fastened 
to the slender neck, and with an eye at 
the tip of each arm. There are very many 
species of dragonflies and damsel flies, but 
they all have the same general habits. 

The dragonfly nymphs are the ogres of 
the pond or stream. To anyone unused to 
them and their ways in the aquarium, 
there is a surprise in store, so ferocious are 
they in their attacks upon creatures twice 
their size. The dragonfly's eggs are laid in 
the water; in some instances they are sim- 
ply dropped and sink to the bottom; but 
in the case of damsel flies, the mother 
punctures the stems of aquatic plants and 



places the eggs within them. The nymph 
in no wise resembles the parent dragon- 
fly. It is a dingy little creature, with six 




Xymph of a dragonfly* shoichig the posi- 
tion oj the large lower lip folded beneath the 
head 

queer, spider-like legs and no wings, al- 
though there are four little wing pads ex- 
tending down its back, which encase the 
growing wings. It may remain hidden in 
the rubbish at the bottom of the pond or 
may cling to water weeds at the sides, for 
different species have different habits. But 
in them all we find a most amazing lower 
lip. This is so large that it covers the lower 
part of the face like a mask, and when 
folded back it reaches down between the 
front legs. It is in reality a grappling organ 
with hooks and spines for holding prey; 
it is hinged in such a manner that it can 
be thrust out far beyond the head to seize 
some insect, unsuspecting of danger. 
These nymphs move so slowly and look so 
much like their background, that they are 




From Outdoor Studies, Needham 

The same dragonfly nymph seen from above 



406 



ANIMALS 



always practically In ambush awaiting 
their victims. 

The breathing of the dragonfly nymphs 
is peculiar; there is an enlargement of the 
rear end of the alimentary canal, in the 
walls of which tracheae or breathing-tubes 
extend in all directions. The nymph draws 
water into this cavity and then expels it, 
thus bathing the tracheae with the air 
mixed with water and purifying the air 
within them. Expelling the water so forci- 
bly propels the nymph ahead, so this act 




The cast skin of a dragonfly nymph. The 
skin splits along the back and the adult 
emerges, leaving the empty skin attached to 
the object upon which the transformation 
tool: place 

serves as a method of swimming as well 
as of breathing. Damsel fly nymphs, on 
the other hand, have at the rear end of 
the body three long, platelike gills, each 
ramified with tracheae. 

Nymphs grow by shedding the skin as 
fast as it becomes too small; and when 
finally ready to emerge, they crawl op on 
some object out of the water and molt for 
the last time, and are thereafter swift 
creatures of the air. 

SUGGESTED READING Do You Know? 
by Janet Smalley; First Lessons in Nature 
Study, by Edith M. Patch; Holiday Pond, 
by Edith M. Patch; Insect People, by 
Eleanor King and Wellmer Pessels; Na- 
ture and Science Readers, by Edith M. 
Patch and Harrison E. Howe, Book 3, SUP 
prises; also, readings on pages 300 and 400. 



LESSON 103 
THE DRAGONFLIES AND DAMSEL FLIES 

LEADING THOUGHT The dragonflies 
are among the swiftest of all winged crea- 
tures and their rapid, darting flight en- 
ables them to hawk their prey, which con- 
sists of other flying insects. Their first 
stages are passed in the bottoms of ponds 
where they feed voraciously on aquatic 
creatures. The dragonflies are beneficial 
to us because, when very young and when 
full grown, they feed largely upon mos- 
quitoes. 

METHOD The work of observing the 
habits of adult dragonflies should be 
largely done in the field during late sum- 
mer and early autumn. The points for ob- 
servation should be given the pupils for 
summer vacation use, and the results 
placed in the field notebook. 

The nymphs may be studied in the 
spring, when getting material for the 
aquarium. April and May are good months 
for securing them. They are collected by 
using a dip net, and are found in the bot- 
toms of reedy ponds or along the edges 
of slow-flowing streams. These nymphs 
are so voracious that they cannot be 
trusted in the aquarium with other in- 
sects; each must be kept by itself. They 
may be fed by placing other water insects 
in the aquarium with them or by giving 
them pieces of fresh meat. In the latter 
case, tie the meat to a thread so that it 
may be removed after a few hours, if not 
eaten, since it soon renders the water foul. 

The dragonfly aquarium should have 
sand at the bottom and some water weeds 
planted in it, and there should be some 
object in it which extends above the sur- 
face of the water which the nymphs, w T hen 
ready to change to adults, can climb upon 
while they are shedding the last nymphal 
skin and spreading their new wings. 

OBSERVATIONS ON THE YOUNG OF DRAG- 
ONFLIES AND DAMSEL FLIES i. Where 
did you find these insects? Were they at 
the bottom of the pond or along the edges 
among the water weeds? 

2. Are there any plumelike gills at the 



INSECTS 



47 



end of the body? If so, how many? Are 
these platelike gills used for swimming? 
If there are three of these, which is the 
longer? Do you know whether the nymphs 

with these long gills develop into dragon- 
flies or into damsel flies? 

3. If there are no plumelike gills at the 

end of the body, how do the insects move? 
Can they swim? What is the general color 
of the body? Explain how this color pro- 
tects them from observation. What ene- 
mies does it protect them from? 

4. Are the eyes large? Can you see the 
little wing pads on the back in which the 
wings are developing? Are the antennae 
long? 

5. Observe how the nymphs of both 
dragoniies and damsel lies seize their 
prey. Describe the great lower lip when 
extended for prey. How does it look when 
folded up? 

6. Can you see how a nymph without 
the plumelike gills breathes? Notice if the 
water is drawn into the rear end of the 
body and then expelled. Does this proc- 
ess help the insect in swimming? 

7. \\Tien the dragonfly or damsel fly 
nymph has reached its full growth, where 
does it go to change to the winged form? 
How does this change take place? Look 
on the rashes and reeds along the pond 
margin, and see if you can find the empty 
nymph skins from which the adults 
emerged. "Wliere is the opening in them? 

OBSERVATIONS ox THE ADULT DRAGON- 
FLIES i. Catch a dragonfly, place it un- 
der a tumbler, and see how it is fitted for 
life in the air. Which is the widest part 
of its body? Note the size of the eyes com- 
pared with the remainder of the head. Do 
they almost meet at the top of the head? 
How far do they extend down the sides 
of the head? \\Tiy does the dragonfly need 
such large eyes? Why does a creature with 
such eyes not need long antenna?? Can you 
see the dragonfly's antennae? Look with a 
lens at the little, swollen triangle between 
the place where the two eyes join and the 
forehead; can you see the little, simple 
eyes? Can you see the mouth-parts? 
2. Next to the head&gt; which is the widest 



and strongest part of the body? Why does 
the thorax need to be so big and strong? 
Study the wings. How do the hind wings 
differ in shape from the front wings? How 
is the thin membrane of the wings made 
strong? Are the wings spotted or colored? 
If so, how? Can you see if the wings are 
folded along the front edges? Does this 
give strength to the part of the wing which 
cuts the air? Take a piece of writing paper 
and see ho\\ easily it bends; fold it two 
or three times like a fan and note how 
much stiffer it is. Is it this principle which 
strengthens the dragonfly's wings? Why 
do these wings need to be strong? 

3. Is the dragonfly's abdomen as wide 
as the front part of the body? What help 
is it to the insect when flying to have such 
a Song abdomen? 

OUTLINE FOR FIELD NOTES Go to a 
pond or sluggish stream when the sun is 
shining, preferably at midday, and note as 
far as possible the following things: 

1. Do you see dragonflics darting over 
the pond? Describe their flight. They are 
hunting flies and mosquitoes and other 
insects on the wing; note how they do it. 
If the sky becomes cloudy, can you see 
the dragonflies hunting? In looking ovci 
a pond where there are many dragonflies 
darting about, do the larger species fly 
higher than the smaller ones? 

2. Note the way the dragonflies hold 
their wings when they are resting. Do they 
rest with their wings folded together over 
the abdomen or are they extended out at 
an angle to the abdomen? Do you know 
how this difference in attitude of resting 
determines one difference between the 
damsel flies and the dragonflies? 

5. The damsel flies are those which hold 
their wings folded above the back when 
resting. Are these as large and strong- 
bodied as the dragonflies? Are their bodies 
more brilliantly colored? How does the 
shape of the head and eyes differ from 
those of the dragonflies? How many 
different-colored damsel iies can you 
find? 

4. Do you see some dragonflies clipping 
down in the water as they fly? If so ? they 



4 oS ANIMALS 

are laying their eg^s. Note if you ind face of the water. If so, these are damsel 
others* clfngine; to reeds or other plants flies inserting their eggs into the stern of 
with the abdomen thrust below the sur- the plant. 



THE CADDIS WORMS AND THE CADDIS FLIES 



People who have never tried to fathom 
the mysteries of the bottom of brook or 

pond are to be pitied, fust to lie flat, face 
downward, and watch for a time all that 

happens down there in that water world 




From .1 G d*le to the Study o/ Freshwater Biology, 
\Vedliani 

Types of caddis- worm cases 

is far more interesting than witnessing any 
play ever given at matinee. At first one sees 
nothing, since all the swift-moving crea- 
tures have whisked out of sight, because 
they have learned to be shy of moving 
shadows; but soon the crayfish thrusts out 
his boxing gloves from some crevice,, then 
a school of tiny minnows * 4 stay their wavy 
bodies 'gainst the stream "; and then 
something strange happens. A bit of rub- 
bish on the bottom of the brook walks off. 
Perhaps it is a dream, or we are under the 
enchantment of the water witches! But 
no, there goes another, and now a little 
bundle of sand and pebbles takes unto it- 
self legs. These mysteries can only be 
solved with a dip net and a pail half filled 
with water, in which we may cam' home 
the treasure trove. 
When we finally lodge our catch in the 



aquarium jar, our mysterious moving 
sticks and stones resolve themselves into 
little houses built in various fashions, and 
each containing one inmate. Some of the 
houses are made of sticks fastened to- 
gether lengthwise; some are built like log 
cabins, crosswise; some consist simply of a 
hollow stem cut a convenient length; 
some are made of sand and pebbles; and 
one, the liveliest of all is a little tube made 
of bits of rubbish and silk spun in a spiral, 
making a little cornucopia. 

On the whole, the species which live in 
the log cabins are the most convenient to 
study. Whatever the shape of the case or 
house, it has a very tough lining of silk, 
which is smooth within, and forms the 
framework to which the sticks and stones 
are fastened. These little dwellings always 
have a front door and a back door. Out of 
the front door may protrude the dark- 
colored head followed by two dark seg- 
ments and six perfectly active legs, the 
front pair being so much shorter than the 
other two pairs that they look almost like 
mouth palpi. In time of utter peace, more 
of the little hermit is thrust out ? and we 
see the hind segment of the thorax, which 
is whitish, and behind this the abdomen 
of nine segments. At the sides of the ab- 
domen, and apparently between the seg- 
ments, are little tassels of short, white, 
threadlike gills. These are filled with air, 
impure from contact with the blood, 
which exchanges its impurities speedily 
for the oxygen from the air that is mixed 
with the water. Water is kept flowing in 




A caddis worm in its case 



INSECTS 



409 



at the front door of the cabin, over the 
gills and out at the back door, by the rhyth- 
mic movement of the body of the little 
hermit, and thus a supply of oxygen Is 
steadily maintained. 

The caddis worm is not grown fast to 
its case as is the snail to its shell. If we 
hold down with forceps a case in which 
the occupant is wrong side up, after a few 
straggles to turn itself over, case and all. It 
will turn over within the case. It keeps Its 
hold upon the case by two forward-curv- 
ing hooks, one on each side of the tip of 
the rear segment. These hooks are inserted 
in the tough silk and hold fast. It also has 
on top of the first segment of the abdo- 
men a tubercle, which may be extended at 
will; this helps to brace the larva in Its 
stronghold, and also permits the water to 
flow freely around the insect. So the little 
hermit Is entrenched in its cell at both 
ends. When the log-cabin species wishes 
to swim, it pushes almost its entire body 
out of the case, thrusts back the head, 
spreads the legs wide apart, and then 
doubles up f thus moving through the 
water spasmodically, in a manner that re- 
minds us of the crayfish's swimming ex- 
cept that the caddis worm goes head first. 
This log-cabin species can turn its case 
over dexterously by movements of its legs. 

The front legs of the caddis worm are 
so much shorter than the other two pairs 
that they look like palpi, and their use is 
to hold close to the jaws bits of food which 
are being eaten. The other legs are used 
for this too If the little legs cannot manage 
It; perhaps also these short front legs help 
hold the bits of building material In place 
while the web is woven to hold it there. 






The caddis worm, like the true caterpil- 
lars, has the opening of the silk gland near 
the lower lip. The of most caddis 

worms Is vegetable, usually the various 




Log-cabin i^ipe of 



Pupa of caddis fly removed from its 

Note the threadlike gtHs 



species of water plants; but there are some 
species which are carnivorous, like the net- 
builder, which is a fisherman. 

The caddis-worm case protects Its in- 
mate in two ways, first, from the sight of 
the enemy, and second, from its jaws. A 
fish comes along and sees a nice white 
worm and darts after It, only to find a 
bundle of unappetizing sticks where the 
worm was. All of the hungry predatory 
creatures of the pond and stream would be 
glad to get the caddis worm, If they knew 
where it went. Sometimes caddis-worm 
cases have been found In the stomachs of 
fishes. 

While it is difficult to see the exact 
operation of building the caddis-worm 
house, the general proceeding may be read- 
ily observed. Take a vigorous half-grown 
larva, tear off part of the sticks and bits of 
leaves that make the log cabin, and then 
place the little builder In a tumbler with 
half an Inch of water at the bottom. In 
which are many bright iower petals cut 
into strips, fit for caddis lumber. In a few 
hours the little house will look like a blos- 
som with several rows of bright petals set 
around its doorway. 

When the caddis worm gets ready to 
pupate, It fastens its case to some object 
in the water and then closes its front and 
back doors. Different species accomplish 
this in different ways; some spin and fasten 
a silken covering over the doors, which is 



4ic 



ANIMALS 



often in the form of a pretty grating; 
others simply fasten the material of which 
the case is made across the door. But 
though the door be shot, it is so arranged 
as to allow the water to flow through and 
to bring oxygen to the threadlike gills, 
which are on the pupa 8 as well as on the 
larva?. When ready to emerge, the pupa 
crawls out of its case and climbs to some 
object above the water and sheds its pupa 
skin % and the adult insect flies off. In some 
species, living in swift water, the adult 
issues directly from the water, its wings ex- 
panding as soon as touched by the air. 




A caddis flu 

Caddis flies are familiar to us all even if 
we do not know them by name. They are 
night fliers and flame worshipers. Their 
parchment-like or leathery wings are 
folded like a roof over the back, and from 
the side the caddis fly appears as an elon- 
gated triangle with unequal sides. The 
front wings are long and the hind ones 
shorter and wider; the antennae are long 
and threadlike and always waving about 
for impressions; the eyes are round and 
beadlike; the tarsi, or feet, are long and 
these insects have an awkward way of 
walking on the entire tarsus which gives 
them an appearance of kneeling. Most of 
the species are dull-colored, brownish or 
gray, the entire insect often being of one 
color. The mother caddis flies lay their 
eggs in the water. Perhaps some species 
drop the eggs in when hovering above, but 
in some cases the insect must make a div- 
ing bell of her wings and go down into the 
water to place her eggs securely. The wings 
are covered with hairs and not with scales, 
and therefore they are better itted for div- 
ing than would be those of the moth. I 
have seen caddis flies swim vigorously. 



SUGGESTED READING First Lessons in 
Nature Study, by Edith M. Patch; also ? 
readings on pages 300 and 400. 

LESSON 104 
THE CADDIS WORMS AND CADDIS FLIES 

Lr-ADiNG THOUGHT The caddis worms 
build around themselves little houses out 
of bits of sticks, leaves, or stones. They 
crawl about on the bottom of the pond or 
stream, protected from sight, and able to 
withdraw into their houses when attacked. 
The adults of the caddis worm are winged 
mothlike creatures which come in num- 
bers to the light at night. 

METHOD With a dip net the caddis 
worms may be captured and then may be 
placed in the school aquarium. Duckweed 
and other water plants should be kept 
growing in the aquarium. The log-cabin 
species is best for this study, because it 
lives in stagnant water and will therefore 
thrive in an aquarium. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Where do you End 
the caddis worms? Can you see them 
easily on the bottom of the stream or 
pond? Why? 

2. Of what are the caddis-worm houses 
made? How many kinds have you ever 
found? How many kinds of material can 
you find on one case? Describe one as ex- 
actly as possible. Find an empty case and 
describe it inside. Why is it so smooth in- 
side? How is it made so smooth? Are all 
the cases the same size? 

3. What does the caddis worm do 
when it wishes to walk around? What is 
the color of the head and the two seg- 
ments back of it? What is the color of the 
body? Why is this difference of color be- 
tween the head and body protective? Is 
the caddis worm grown fast to its case, as 
the turtle is to its shell? 

4. Note the legs. Which is the shorter 
pair? How many pairs? What is the use of 
the legs so much shorter than the others? 
If the caddis-worm case happens to be 
wrong side up ? how does it turn over? 

5. When it wishes to come to the sur- 
face or swim, what does the caddis worm 
do? When reaching far out of its case does 



INSECTS 

it ever lose its hold? How it hold on? 
Pull the caddis worm out of its case and 
see the hooks at the end of the body with 
which it holds fast. 

6. How does the caddis worm breathe? 
\\Tien it reaches far out of its case, note 
the breathing gills. Describe them. Can 
you see how many there are on the seg- 
ments? How is the blood purified through 
these gills? 

7. What are the caddis worm's ene- 
mies? How does it escape them? Touch 
one when it is walking; what does it do? 

8. On top of the first segment of the 
abdomen is a tubercle. Do you suppose 
that this helps to hold the caddis worm in 
its case? 

9. What does the caddis worm eat? De- 
scribe how it acts when eating. 

10. How does the caddis worm build its 
case? Watch one when it makes an addi- 
tion to its case, and describe all that you 
can see. 

1 1 . Can you find any of the cases with 
the front and back doors closed? How are 
they closed? Open one and see if there is a 
pupa within it. Can you see the growing 
wings, antennae, and legs? Has it breathing 
filaments like the larva? Cover the aquar- 
ium with mosquito netting so as to get all 
the moths which emerge. See if you can 
discover how the pupa changes into a 
caddis fly. 

12. How does the caddis fly fold its 
wings? What is the general shape of the 
insect when seen from the side with wings 
closed? What is the texture of the wings? 
How many wings are there? Which pair Is 
the longer? 

13. Describe the eyes; the antennae. 



411 

Does the caddis fly walk on its toes, or on 
its complete foot? 

i-j. Examine the insects which come 
around the lights at night in the spring 
and summer. Can you tell the caddis iics 
from the other insects? Do they dash into 
the light? Do they seem anxious to burn 
themselves? 

Little brook, so simple, so unassuming 
and yet how many filings love tfieef 

Lo! Sun and Af oon fool' down and glass 
themselves in thy waters. 

And the trout balances itself bow-long 
against the stream, watching for its prey; 
or retires under a stone to rest 

And the water-rats nibble off the willow 
leaves and earn' them below the wave to 
their nests or sit on a dry stone to trim 
their whiskers. 

And the May-fly practices for the mil- 
lionth time the miracle of the resurrec- 
tion, floating op an ungainly grub from 
the mod below, and in an instant, in the 
twinkling of an eye (even from the jaws of 
the baffled trout) emerging, an aerial fairy 
with pearl-green wings. 

And the caddis-fly from its quaint dis- 
guise likewise emerges. 

And the pricfc-eared earth-people, the 
rabbits, in the stillness of early morning 
play beside thee undisturbed, while the 
level sunbeams yet grope through the 
dewy grass. 

And the squirrel on a tree-root its tail 
stretched far behind - leans forward to 
kiss thee, 

Little broofc, for so many things love 
thee. 

EDWARD CARPENTER 



THE MOSQUITO 



In defiance of the adage, the mother of 
our most common mosquitoes does not 

hesitate to pot her eggs all in one "basket, 
But perhaps she knows it is about the saf- 
est little basket for eggs in this world of 

uncertainties. If it were possible to begin 
this lessoe with the little "tot-shaped egg 
baskets, I should advise it. 'They may be 



found in almost any rain barrel, and the 
egjs look like a lot' of tiny cartridges set 
side by side, points up, and lashed or 
glued together, so there shall be no 
spilling. Like a certain famous soap, they 
" float/' coming up as dry as varnished 
corks when water is pouted upon them. 
The young rnosqiiito 7 or wriggler, breaks 



412 



ANIMALS 



through the shell of the lower end of the 
egg and passes down into the water, and 
from the first, it is a most interesting crea- 
ture to view through a hand lens. The 




The egg-raft of a mosquito 

head and the thorax are rather large while 
the body is tapering and armed with 
bunches 'of hairs. At the rear of the body 
are two tubes very different in shape; one 
is long, straight, and unadorned; this is the 
breathing-tube through which air passes 
to the tracheae of the body. This tube has 
at the tip a star-shaped valve, which can 
be opened and shut; when it is opened at 
the surface of the water, it keeps the little 
creature aioat and meanwhile allows air 
to pass into the body. When the wriggler 
is thus hanging to the surface of the water, 
it feeds upon small particles of decaying 
vegetation; it has a remarkable pair of jaws 
armed with brushes, which in our com- 
mon species, by moving rapidly, set up 
currents and bring the food to the mouth. 
This process can be seen plainly with a 
lens. When disturbed, the wriggler shuts 
the valve to its breathing-tube, and sinks. 
However, it is not much heavier than the 




water; I have often seen one rise for some 
distance without apparent effort. The 
otiier tube at the end of the body supports 
the swimming organs, which consist of 
four finger-like processes and various 
bunches of hairs. \\Tien swimming, the 
wriggler goes tail first, the swimming or- 
gans seeming to take hold of the water and 
to pull the creature backward., in a series 
of spasmodic jerks; in fact, the insect 
seems simply to " throw somersaults/' like 
an acrobat/ 1 have often observed wrig- 
glers standing on their heads in the bot- 

D C? 




A mosquito aquarium. Note the egg-raft, 
larv(K } pupce^ and the adult emerging 



At the left is a larva and at the right a pupa 
of the mosquito 

torn of the aquarium, with their jaws bent 
under, revolving their brushes briskly; but 
they never remain very long below the 
surface, as it is necessary for them to take 
in fresh air often. 

The pupa has the head and thoracic seg- 
ments much enlarged making it all " head 
and shoulders " with a quite insignificant 
body attached. Upon the thorax are two 
breathing-tubes, which look like two ears, 
and therefore when the pupa rests at the 
surface of the water, it remains head up so 
that these tubes may take in the air; at 
the end of the body are two swimming or- 
gans which are little, leaflike projections. 
At this stage the insect is getting ready to 
live its life in the air ? and for this reason, 
probably, the pupa rests for long periods 
at the surface of the water and does not 
swim about much, unless disturbed. How- 



INSECTS 



4*3 



ever, it is a very strange habit for a pupa 
to move about at all. In the case of other 
flies, butterflies, and moths, the pupa 
stage is quiet. 

When fully mature, the pupa rises to 
the surface of the water, the skeleton skin 
breaks open down its back and the mos- 
quito carefully works itself out; until its 
wings are free and dry, it rests upon the 
floating pupa skin. This is indeed a frail 
bark, and if the slightest breeze ruffles the 
water, the insect is likely to drown before 
its wings are hard enough for flight. 

The reason that kerosene oil put upon 
the surface of the water where mosquitoes 
breed kills the insects is that both the 
larvse and pupse of mosquitoes are obliged 
to rise to the surface and push their breath- 
ing-tubes through the surface film so that 
they will open to the air; a coating of oil 
on the water prevents this, and they are 
suffocated. Also when the mosquito 
emerges from the pupa skin, if it is even 
touched by the oil, it is unable to fly and 
soon dies. 

The male mosquitoes have bushy or 
feathery antennae. These antennse are 
hearing organs of very remarkable con- 
struction. The Anopheles may be distin- 
guished from the Culex by the following 





Antenna of the mosquito; left, male; right, 
female 

characteristics: Its wings are spotted in- 
stead of plain. When at rest it is perfectly 
straight, and is likely to have the hind legs 
in the air. It may also rest at an angle 



to the surface to which it clings. The 
Culex is not spotted on the wings and is 

likely to be humped up when at rest. In 
our climate the Anopheles is more dan- 




Normal resting position of mosquito larva 
and pupa. Left; larva of Culex, the common 

house mosquito. Middle; larva o/ Anopheles, 
the carrier of malaria. Right; pupa oj Culex. 
Note the breathing-tubes 

gerous than the Culex because it carries 
the germs of malaria. A mosquito's wing 
under a microscope is a most beautiful 
object, as it is " trimmed " with ornamen- 
tal scales about the edges and along the 
veins. The male mosquitoes neither sing 
nor bite; the song of the female mosquito 
is supposed to be made by the rapid vibra- 
tion of the wings, and her musical per- 
formances are for the purpose of attract- 
ing her mate, as it has been shown that 
he can hear through his antennse a range 
of notes covering the middle and next 
higher octaves of the piano. 

Science has shown us that the mos- 
quitoes are in a very strange way a menace 
to health. Through a heroism, as great as 
ever shown on field of battle, men have 
imperiled their lives to prove that the 
germs of the terrible yellow fever are 
transmitted by the biting mosquito, and 
with almost equal bravery other men have 
demonstrated that the germs of malaria 
are also thus carried. 

In the North, our greatest danger is 
from the mosquitoes which carry the ma- 
larial germs. These are the mosquitoes 
with spotted wings and belong to the 
genus Anopheles. This mosquito in order 
to be of danger to us must first feed upon 
the blood of some person suffering from 
malaria and thus take the germ of the 
disease into its stomach. Here the germ 
develops and multiplies into many minute 
germs, which pass through another stage 
and finally get into the blood of the mos- 
quito and accumulate in the salivary 



ANIMALS 



glands. The reason any mosquito bite or 
insect bite swells and itches is that, as the 
insect's beak is inserted into the flesh, it 
carries with it some of the saliva from the 
insect's mouth. In the case of Anopheles 
these malarial germs are carried with the 
saliva into the blood of the victim. It has 
been proved that in the most malarial 




Normal position of Culex and Anopheles on 
a wall; Culex above and Anopheles below 

countries, like Italy and India, people 
are entirely free from malaria if they are 
not bitten by mosquitoes. Thus the 
mosquito is the sole carrier of the malaria 
germs. 

After this explanation has been made, it 
would be well for the teacher to take the 
pupils on a tour of inspection through the 
neighborhood to see if there are any mos- 
quito larvae in rain barrels, ponds, or pools 
of stagnant water. If such places are found, 
let the pupils themselves apply the fol- 
lowing remedies. 

1. Rain barrels should be securely cov- 
ered. 

2. Stagnant pools should be drained 
and filled up if possible. 

3. Wherever there are ponds or pools 
where mosquitoes breed that cannot be 
filled or drained, the surface of the water 
should be covered with a spray of kerosene 
oil. This may be applied with a spray 
pump or from a watering can. 

4. If it is impracticable to cover such 
places with oil, introduce into such pools 
the following fish : minnows, sticklebacks, 
sunfish, and goldfish. 

The effect of this lesson upon the chil- 



dren should be to impress them with the 
danger to life and health from mosquitoes 
and to implant in them a determination 
to rid the premises about their homes of 
these pests. 

SUGGESTED READING Common Pests, 
by Rennie W. Doane; Insects Injurious to 
the Household and Annoying to Man, by 
Glenn W. Herrick; Nature by Seaside 
and Wayside, by Maty G. Phillips and 
Julia M. Wright, Book 2, Some Animal 
Neighbors; Scientific Living Series, Win- 
ter Comes and Goes, by George W. 
Frasier, Helen Dolman, and Kathryne 
Van Noy; also, readings on pages 300 and 
400. 

LESSON 105 
THE MOSQUITO 

LEADING THOUGHT The wrigglers, or 
wigglers, which we find in rain barrels and 
stagnant water are the larvae of mos- 
quitoes. We should study their life history 
carefully if we would know how to get rid 
of mosquitoes. 

METHOD There is no better way to 
interest the pupils in mosquitoes than to 
place in an aquarium jar in the school- 
room a family of wrigglers from some 
pond or rain barrel. For the pupils 7 per- 
sonal observation, take some of the wrig- 
glers from the aquarium with a pipette 
and place them in a homeopathic vial; fill 
the vial three-fourths full of water and 
cork it. Pass it around with a hand lens 
and give each pupil the opportunity to ob- 
serve it for five or ten minutes. It would 
be well if this vial could be left on each 
desk for an hour or so during study peri- 
ods, so that the observations may be made 
casually and leisurely. While the pupils 
are studying the wrigglers, the following 
questions should be placed upon the 
blackboard, and each pupil should make 
notes which may finally be given at a les- 
son period. This is particularly available 
work for September. 

In studying the adult mosquito, a lens 
or microscope is necessary. But it is of 
great importance that the pupils be taught 
to discriminate between the compara- 



INSECTS 



415 



tively harmless species of Culex and the 

dangerous Anopheles; and therefore they 
should be taught to be observant of the 
way mosquitoes rest upon the walls, and 
whether they have mottled or clear wings. 

THE LARVA 

OBSERVATIONS i . Note if all the wrig- 
glers are of the same general shape, or if 
some of them have a very large head; these 
latter are the pupae and the former are the 
larvae. We will study the larvae first. 
Where do they rest when undisturbed? 
Do they rest head up or down? Is there 
any part of their body that comes to the 
surface of the water? 

2. When disturbed what do they do? 
When they swim, do they go head or tail 
first? 

3. Observe one resting at the top. At 
what angle does it hold itself to the sur- 
face of the water? Observe its head. Can 
you see the jaw brushes revolving rapidly? 
What is the purpose of this? Describe its 
eyes. Can you see its antennae? 

4. Note the two peculiar tubes at the 
end of the body and see if you can make 
out their use. 

5. Note especially the tube that is 
thrust up to the surface of the water when 
the creatures are resting. Can you see how 
the opening of this tube helps to keep the 
wriggler afloat? What do you think is the 
purpose of this tube? Why does it not be- 
come filled with water when the wriggler 
is swimming? Can you see the two air ves- 
sels, or tracheae, extending from this tube 
along the back the whole length of the 
body? 

6. Note the peculiarities of the other 
tube at the rear end of the body. Do you 
think the little finger-like projections are 
an aid in swimming? How many are there? 

7. Can you see the long hairs along the 
side of the body? 

8. Does the mosquito rest at the bot- 
tom of the bottle or aquarium? 



THE PUPA 



1. What is the most noticeable differ- 
ence in appearance between the larva and 
pupa? 

2. When the pupa rests at the surface 

of the water, is it the same end up as the 
wriggler? 

3. Note on the " head " of the pupa 
two little tubes extending up like ears. 
These are the breathing-tubes. Note if 
these open to the air when the pupa rests 
at the surface of the water. 

4. Can you see the swimming organs 
at the rear of the body of the pupa? Does 
the pupa spend a longer time resting at 
the surface than the larva? How does it act 
differently from the pupse of other fiies 
and moths and butterflies? 

5. How does the mosquito emerge 
from the pupa skin? Why does kerosene 
oil poured on the surface of the water kill 
mosquitoes? 

THE ADULT MOSQUITO 

1 . Has the mosquito f eathery antennae 
extending out in front? If so, what kind 
of mosquito is it? 

2. Do the mosquitoes with bushy an- 
tennae bite? Do they sing? 

3. Are the wings of the mosquito 
spotted or plain? How many has it? 

4. When at rest, is it shortened and 
humpbacked or does it stand straight out 
with perhaps its hind legs in the air? 

5. What are the characteristics by 
which you can tell the dangerous Anoph- 
eles? 

6. Why is the Anopheles more danger- 
ous than the Culex? 

7. Examine a mosquito's wing under a 
microscope and describe it. 

8. Examine the antennae of a male 
and of a female mosquito under a micro- 
scope, and describe the difference. 

9. Which sex of the mosquito does the 
biting and the singing? 

10. How is the singing done? 



INVERTEBRATE ANIMALS OTHER THAN 

INSECTS 



This group Includes backboneless ani- 
mals other than insects. Among these are 
spiders and their relatives, centipedes and 
millipedes, crustaceans, mollusks or 
shelled animals, worms, and seashore crea- 
tures representing several other groups. 

SUGGESTED READING Animals of the 
Seashore, by Horace G. Richards; Back- 
yard Exploration, by Paul G, Howes; The 
Burgess Seashore Book for Children, by 
Thornton W. Burgess; Field Book of 
Ponds and Streams, by Ann H. Morgan; 
Hand Book for the Curious, by Paul G. 
Howes; Holiday Shore, by Edith M. Patch 
and Carroll Lane Fenton; Nature by 
Seaside and Wayside, by Mary G. Phillips 



and Julia M. Wright, Book i, Some Ani- 
mals and Their Homes, Book 2, Some 
Animal Neighbors; Parade of the Animal 
Kingdom, by Robert Hegner; Sea-Beach 
at Ebb-Tide, by Augusta F. Arnold; 
Strange Sea-Shells and Their Stories, by 
A. Hyatt Verrill; The Wonders of the Sea, 
by F. Martin Duncan and L. T. Duncan; 
additional references are to be found in 
the bibliography in the back of the Hand- 
book, under various headings: Insects and 
Other Invertebrates, Animals in General, 
Nature-Study in General, Textbooks and 
Readers, Nature Poetry, Magazines and 
Periodicals, Books for Parents and Teach- 
ers. 



THE GARDEN SNAIL 



Perchance if those who speak so glibly 
of a " snail's pace " should study It, they 
would not sneer at it, for, carefully ob- 
served, it seems to be one of the most won- 
derful methods of locomotion ever de- 
vised by animal. Naturally enough, the 
snail cannot gallop, since it has but one 
foot; but it is safe to assert that this foot, 
which is the entire lower side of the body, 
is a remarkable organ of locomotion. Let 
a snail crawl up the side of a tumbler and 
note how this foot stretches out and holds 
on. It has flanges along the sides, which 
secrete an adhesive substance that enables 
the snail to cling, and yet it also has the 
power of letting go at will. The slow, even, 
pushing forward of the whole body, 
weighted by the unbalanced shell, is as 
mysterious, and seemingly as inevitable, as 
the march of fate, so little is the motion 
connected with any apparent muscular ef- 
fort. But when his snailship wishes to let 
go and retire from the world, this foot 



performs a feat which is certainly worthy 
of a juggler; it folds itself lengthwise, and 
the end on which the head is retires first 
into the shell, the tail end of the foot 
being the last to disappear. And now find 
your snail! 

Never was an animal so capable of 
stretching out and then folding up all its 
organs, as is this little tramp who carries 
his house with him. Turn one on his back 
when he has withdrawn into his little 
hermitage, and watch what happens. Soon 
he concludes he will find out where he is, 
and why he is bottomside up; as the first 
evidence of this, the hind end of the foot, 
which was folded together, pushes forth; 
then the head and horns come bubbling 
out. The horns are not horns at all, but 
each is a stalk bearing an eye on the tip. 
This is arranged conveniently, like a mar- 
ble fastened to the tip of a glove finger. 
When a snail wishes to see, it stretches 
forth the stalk as if it were made of rubber; 



INVERTEBRATE ANIMALS OTHER THAN INSECTS 

but If danger Is perceived, the eye Is pulled 
back exactly as if the marble were pulled 
back through the middle of the glove fin- 
ger; or as a boy would say, t4 It goes Into 
the hole and pulls the hole In after It." Just 
below the stalked eyes is another pair of 
shorter horns, which are feelers, and 
which may be drawn back in the same 
manner; they are used constantly for test- 
Ing the nature of the surface on which the 
snail is crawling. It is an interesting ex- 
periment to see how near to the eyes and 
the feelers we can place an object, before 
driving them back in. With these two 
pairs of sense organs pushed out in front 



417 






Snail sketches. 1, The thorny path to bliss. 
2, Snail showing the breathing pore. 3, Pros- 
pecting 



E, Morton Miller 

Tree snails oestivating on the under side of a 
piece of bark 

of him, the snail is well equipped to ob- 
serve the topography of his Immediate 
vicinity; If he wishes to explore above, he 
can stand on the tip of his tall and reach 
far up; and if there is anything to take 
hold of, he can glue his foot fast to it and 
pull himself up. Moreover, I am con- 
vinced that snails have decided views 
about where they wish to go, for I have 
tried by the hour to keep them marching 
lengthwise on the porch railing, so as to 
study them; and every snail was deter- 
mined to go crosswise and crawl under 
the edge, where It was nice and dark. 

It is interesting to observe through a 
lens the way a snail takes his dinner; place 
before him a piece of sweet apple or other 
soft fruit, and he will lift himself on his 
foot and begin to work his way into the 
fruit. He has an efficient set of upper 
teeth, which look like a saw and are col- 
ored as if he chewed tobacco; with these 
teeth and with his round tongue, which 
we can see popping out, he soon makes 



SHELLS OF FLORIDA AND THE EAST COAST 



1. CROWN MELOXGENA. Melongena jcoronsi, 

Gmelin. Reported Jrom Florida and West In- 
dies. The species lives in brackish water and is 
fond o] the razor-back clam and oyster. It ob- 
tains its name from the croicnlike apptaranee 

of the projections on the shell whorls. Length, 

2 to 5 inches. 

2. BROWN-MOUTH CYMATIUM, Cymatium 
chlorostomum, Lamarck. This species is com- 
monly found 'in the West Indies and Florida 
Keys. Length, 3 inches. 

3. WHITE-MOUTH CYMATIUM,, Cymatium 
tuberosum, Lamarck. The illustration shows an 
immature 'individual. A mature specimen is 
similar to Figure 2. The species i.* distributed 
in Florida Keys and West Indies, Length, 2 to 

3 inches. 

4. LINED MUREX, Murex cobrltti, Bernardii. 

Collected at depths of from 10 to 150 fathoms 
from Cedar Keys to Texas and the West In- 
dies. Length, &amp; inches. 

5. MOSSY ARK, Area umbonata, Lamarck. 

These bivalves are distributed from North 
Carolina to the West Indies and Gulf oj 
Mexico. They are often cast up on the Florida 
beaches by storms. Length, 2 to 3 inches. 

6. BLACK LACE MTJBEX, Murex mfus, La- 
marck. Thi$ species u gathered in water from 

1 to 30 fathoms in depth from North Carolina 
to the West Indies. Length, 2 inches. 

7. APPLE MUREX, Murex pomum, Gmelin. 
Abundant in West Indies; also reported from 
North Carolina and the Gulf of Mexico. The 
shell mouth is lined with bright yellow. Length, 

2 to 5 inches. 

8. WHITE-SPXXE MITBEX, Murex fulvescens, 

Sowerby. The color varies jrom white to pink. 
The shell is found jrom North Carolina to 
Florida and the West Indies. Length, 6 inches. 

9. MOON SHELL, Polinicles duplicata. Say. 

The species ranges jrom New England to the 
Gulf of California. It possesses a chitinous 
operculwn, and u either bluish or brownish 
tinged on the upper surface. Diameter, 3 inches. 

10. ROCK WORM SHELL, Vermetus nigricans, 

DalL This mollusk forms a much-coiled and 
cylindrical shell. It is commonly found at- 
tached to rocks, and even contributes to reef 
building. Distributed from West Florida to 
Florida Keys. 

11. MOUSE CONE, Conns mus, Hwass* This 
mottled chestnut-colored cone possesses a stri- 
ated body-whorl. It is commonly found in shal- 
low bays in Florida and the West Indies. 
Length? I to 2 in-ches. 

12. FLORIDA CONE, Conus fioridanus, Gabb. 
This species is referred to as " Chinese tops" 
since the surface markings resemble the char- 
acters of the Chinese alphabet. It ranges from 
North Carolina to the Gulf of California. 
Length^ 1% inches. 



13. GIANT BAND SHELL, Fasciolaria glgantea, 
Kiencr. The illustration shows a young shell 
2 to 3 inches long; a mature one may reach a 

length of 24 inches. The surface is yellowish 
and the" aperture orange-red. It is found in 
North Carolina, West Indies, and Brazil. 

14. LETTERED OLIVE, Oliva litterata, La- 
marck. These polished shells with hieroglyphic 
markings are fairly common from North Caro- 
lina to" Texas and the West Indies. They live 
in colonies and are sand burrowers. Length, 
I 1 /-* to 2% inches. 

15. NETTED OLIVE, Oliva reticularis, La- 
marck. This shell possesses a woven pattern of 
fine brown lines on a white background. It oc- 
curs in the West Indies and Florida. Length, 

1 to 2 1 / 4 inches. 

16. MOTTLED TOP SHELL, Calliostoma jujubi- 
num, Gmelin. The shell is conical, and is pearly 
within the mouth. Distributed from North 
Carolina to the West Indies. Length, 1 inch. 

17. RIDGED CHIONE, Chione cancellata, Lin- 
naeus. This shell occurs in abundance in the 
Gulf of California. It is distributed jrom North 
Carolina to Brazil- Diameter, 1 inch. 

IS. BEAMING SCALLOP, Pecten irradians, La- 
marck. This common edible species ranges 
from New England to Cape Hatteras. The ex- 
terior is brown marked by bars of red, purple, 
or orange. Diameter, 2 to 3 inches. 

19. VASE SHELL, Vasum muricatum, Born. 
The shell color is white lined with pink. It is 
found in the Florida Keys, West Indies, and 
Panama. Length, 3 inches. 

20. PONDEROUS ARK, Area ponderosa, Say* 
This species is distributed jrom Cape Cod to 
Texas and the West Indies. In the fossil state 
it is found in New Jersey. Diameter, 2 inches. 

21. SPIXY PEARL SHELL, Margitifera radiata, 
Leach. Distributed from Georgia to the West 
Indies. They are found associated with the 
sponges in Florida. Diameter, 1^2 in-ches. 

22. LITTLE RED MUREX, Murex rnessorius, 
Reeve. This shell is found in the Florida Keys 
and West Indies. Length, about 1 inch. 

23. ROSE EUGLANDINA, Euglandina rosea, 
Ferussac. This rose-colored land shell is found 
in Western Florida. It conceals itself in brush 
durinff the rainy season. 

24. CALICO SCALLOP, Pecten gibbus, Lin- 
nceus. The shell is mottled with red, brown, 
and orange. Distributed in North Carolina and 
the West Indies. Diameter, 1% to 2 inches. 

25. VOLCANO SHELL, Fissurella fasicularis, 
Lamarck. The common name is based on the 
resemblance of the shell to a volcano; it is 
found in the Florida Keys and West Indies. 
Diameter^ 1 inch. 




From Handbook for Shell Collectors, Walter F. Webb 



420 



ANIMALS 



an appreciable hole in the pulp; but his 
table manners are not nice, since he Is a 
hopeless slobberer. 

There are right and left spiraled snails. 
All those observed for this lesson show 
the spiral wound about the center from 
left over to right, or in the direction of 
the movement of the hands of a clock, 
and this is usually the case. With the 
spiral like this, the breathing pore is on 
the right side of the snail and may be 




Hugh Spencer 

Slugs with eye-stalks extended. Slugs are rela- 
tives of land snails but they have no shells 

seen as an opening where the snail joins 
the shell. This pore may be seen to open 
and contract slowly; by this motion, the 
air is sucked into the shell where it bathes 
the snail's lung, and is then forced out 
a process very similar to our own breath- 
ing. 

The snail acts quickly when attacked; 
at the first scare, he simply draws in his 
eyes and feelers and withdraws his head, 
so that nothing can be seen of him from 
above except a hard shell which would 
not attract the passing bird. But if the 
attack continues, he lets go all hold on 
the world, and nothing can be seen of 
him but a little mass which blocks the 
door to his house; and if he is obliged to 
experience a drought, he makes a pane 
of glass out of mucus across his door, and 
thus stops evaporation. This is a very 
wise precaution ? because the snail is made 
up largely of moisture and much water 
is needed to keep his mucilage factory 
running. 



The way the snail uses his eyes is comi- 
cal; he goes to the edge of a leaf and pokes 
one eye over to see what the new terri- 
tory is like; but if his eye strikes an ob- 
ject he pulls that one back, and prospects 
for a time with the other. He can lengthen 
trie eyestalk amazingly if he has need. 
How convenient for us if we could thus 
see around a corner! If a small boy were 
as well off as a snail, he could see the en- 
tire ball game through a knothole in the 
fence. In fact, the more we study the snail, 
the more we admire, first his powers of 
ascertaining what there is in the world, 
and then his power of getting around in 
the world by climbing recklessly and 
relentlessly over obstacles, not caring 
whether he is right side up on the floor 
01 hanging wrong side up from the ceil- 
ing; and, finally, we admire his utter reti- 
cence when things do not go to suit him. 
I think the reason I always call a snail 
" he " is that he seems such a philosopher 
a Diogenes in his tub. However, since 
the snail combines both sexes in one 
individual the pronoun is surely applica- 
ble. 

When observed through a lens, the 
snail's skin looks like that of the alligator, 
rough and divided into plates, with a sur- 
face like pebbled leather; and no insect in- 
truder can crawl up his foot and get into 
the shell " unbeknownst," for the shell is 
grown fast to the flange that grows out 
of the middle of the snail's back. The 
smoother the surface the snail is crawl- 
ing upon, the harder to make him let go. 
The reason for this lies in the mucus 
which he secretes as he goes, and which 
enables him to fasten himself anywhere; 
he can crawl up walls or beneath any 
horizontal surface, shell downward, and 
he leaves a shining trail behind him wher- 
ever he goes. 

Snail eggs are as large as small peas, al- 
most transparent, covered with very soft 
shells, and fastened together by mucus. 
They are laid under stones and decaying 
leaves. As soon as the baby snail hatches, it 
has a shell with only one spiral turn in it; as 
it grows, it adds layer after layer to the shell 
on the rim about the opening which is 



INVERTEBRATE ANIMALS OTHER THAN INSECTS 



421 



called the lip; these layers we can see as 
ridges on the shell. If we open an empty 
shell, we can see the progress of growth in 
the size of the spirals. Snails eat succulent 
leaves and other soft vegetable matter. 
During the winter, they bury themselves 
beneath objects or retire into soft humus. 
In preparing for the winter, the snail 
makes a door of mucus and lime, or some- 
times three doors, one behind another, 
across the entrance to his shell, leaving a 
tiny hole to admit the air. There are vari- 
eties of snails which are eaten as dainties in 
Europe and are grown on snail farms for 
the markets. The species most commonly 
used is the same as that which was re- 
garded as a table luxury by the ancient 
Romans. 

SUGGESTED READING First Lessons in 
Nature Study, by Edith M. Patch; also, 
readings on page 416. 

LESSON 106 

THE GARDEN SNAIL 

LEADING THOUGHT The snail carries 
his dwelling with him, and retires within 
it in time of danger. He can climb on any 
smooth surface. 

METHOD The pupils should make a 
snailery, which may consist of any glass jar, 
with a little soil and some moss or leaves at 
the bottom, and a shallow dish of water at 
one side. The moss and soil should be kept 
moist. Place the snails in this and give 
them fresh leaves or pulpy fruit, and they 
will live comfortably in confinement. A 
bit of cheesecloth fastened with a rubber 
band should be placed over the top of the 
jar, A tumbler inverted over a dish T on 
which is a leaf or two 7 makes a good obser- 
vation cage to pass around the room for 
closer examination. An empty shell should 
be at hand, which may be opened and 
examined. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where do you find 
snails? Why do they like to live in such 
places? 

2. How does a snail walk? Describe its 
" foot." How can it move with only one 
foot? Describe how it climbs the side of 
the glass jar. How does it cling? 



3. What sort of track does a snail leave 
behind it? What is the use of this mucus? 

4. Where are the snail's eyes? \\Tiy is 
this arrangement convenient? If we touch 
one of the eyes what happens? What ad- 
vantage is this to the snail? Can it pull in 
one eye and leave the other out? 

5. Look below the eyes for a pair of 
feelers. \\Tiat happens to these if you 
touch them? 

6. What is the use of its shell to a snail? 
What does the snail do if startled? If at- 
tacked? \\Tien a snail is withdrawn into its 
shell can you see any part of the body? Is 
the shell attached to the middle of* the 
foot? How did the shell grow on the snail's 
back? How many spiral turns are there in 
the full-grown shell? Are there as many in 
the shell of a young snail? Can you see the 
little ridges on the shell? Do 'you think 
that these show the way the shell grew? 

7. Can you find the opening through 
which the snail draws its breath? Where 
is this opening? Describe its action. 

8. Put the snail in a dry place for two 
or three days, and see what happens. Do 
you think this is for the purpose of keep- 
ing in moisture? What does the snail do 
during the winter? 

9. Place a snail on its back and see how 
it rights itself. Describe the way it eats. 
Can you see the horny upper jaw? Can you 
see the rasping tongue? What do snails 
live on? 

10. Do you know how the snail eggs 
look and where they are laid? How large 
is the shell of the smallest garden snail you 
ever saw? How many spiral turns were 
there in it? Open an empty snail shell and 
see how the spirals widened as the snail 
grew. Do you think the shell grew by 
layers added to the lip? 

11. Do all snails have shells? Describe 
all the kinds of snails you know. What 
people consider snails a table delicacy? 

TO A SNAIL 
Little Diogenes bearing your tub, whither 

away so gay, 
With your eyes on stalks, and a foot that 

walls, tell me this I pray! 



422 ANIMALS 

Is it an honest snail you seek that makes Or do you go slow because you know, your 
you go so slow, house is near and tight? 

And over the edges of all things peek? And there is no hurry and surely no worry 
Have you found him, I want to know, lest you stay out late at night. 



THE EARTHWORM 



Although not generally considered at- 
tractive, for two reasons the earthworm 
has an Important place in nature-study: it 
furnishes an interesting example of lowly 
organized creatures, and it is of great eco- 
nomic importance to the agriculturist. 
The lesson should have special reference 
to the wort done by earthworms and to 
the simplicity of the tools with which the 
work is done. 




Hugh. Spencer 



Earthworms 



The earthworm is, among lower ani- 
mals, essentially the farmer. Long "before 
men conceived the idea of tilling the soil, 
this seemingly insignificant creature was 
busily at work plowing, harrowing, and 
fertilizing the land. Nor did it overlook 
the importance of drainage and the addi- 
tion of amendments factors of compar- 
atively recent development in the man- 
agement of the soil by man. 

Down into the depths, sometimes as 
far as seven or eight feet, but usually from 
twelve to eighteen inches, goes the little 
plowman, bringing to the surface the sub- 
soil, which is exactly what we do when we 
plow deeply. To break up the soil as our 
harrows do ? the earthworm grinds it in a 
gizzard stocked with grains of sand or fine 



gravel, which act as millstones. Thus it 
turns out soil of much finer texture than 
we, by harrowing or raking, can produce. 
In its stomach it adds the lime amend- 
ment, so much used by the modern 
farmer. The earthworm is apparently an 
adept in the use of fertilizers; it even shows 
discrimination in keeping the organic mat- 
ter near the surface, where it may be in- 
corporated into the soil of the root zone. 
It drags into its burrows dead leaves, flow- 
ers, and grasses, with which to line the 
upper part. Bones of dead animals, shells, 
and twigs are buried by it, and, being more 
or less decayed, furnish food for plants. 
These minute agriculturists have never 
studied any system of drainage, but they 
bore holes to some depth which carry off 
surplus water. They plant seeds by cover- 
ing those that lie on the ground with soil 
from below the surface good, enriched, 
well granulated soil it is, too. They fur- 
ther care for the growing plants by culti- 
vating, that is keeping fine and granular, 
the soil about the roots. 

It was estimated by Darwin that, in 
garden soil in England, there are more 
than fifty thousand earthworms in an acre, 
and that the whole superficial layer of 
vegetable mold passes through their bod- 
ies in the course of every few years, at the 
rate of eighteen tons an acre yearly. 

This agricultural work of the earthworm 
has been going on for ages. Wild land 
owes much of its beauty- to this diminu- 
tive creature which keeps the soil in good 
condition. The earthworm has under- 
mined and buried rocks, changing greatly 
the aspect of the landscape. In this way 
it even has preserved ruins and ancient 
works of art. Several Roman villas in Eng- 
land owe their preservation to the earth- 
worm. All this work is accomplished with 
the most primitive tools: a tiny proboscis, 



INVERTEBRATE ANIMALS OTHER THAN INSECTS 



423 



a distensible pharynx, a rather indeter- 
minate tail, a gizzard, and the calcar- 
eous glands peculiar to this lowly crea- 
ture. 

An earthworm has a peculiar, crawling 
movement. Unlike the snake, which also 
moves without legs, it has no scales to 
function in part as legs; but it has a very 
special provision for locomotion. On the 
under side of a worm are found numerous 
sete tiny, bristle-like projections. These 
will be seen to be in double rows on each 
segment, excepting the first three and the 
last. The setae turn so that they point in 
the opposite direction from that in which 
the worm is moving. It is this use of these 
clinging bristles ? together with strong 
muscles, which enables a worm to hold 
tightly to its burrow when bird or man 
attempts its removal. A piece of round 
elastic furnishes an excellent example of 
contraction and extension, such as the 
earthworm exhibits. Under the skin of the 
worms are two sets of muscles; the outer 
passing in circular direction around the 
body, the inner running lengthwise. The 
movement of these may be easily seen in 
a good-sized living specimen. The body 
is lengthened by the contraction of circu- 
lar and the extension of longitudinal mus- 
cles, and shortened by the opposite move- 
ment. 

The number of segments may vary with 
the age of the worm. In the immature 
earthworm, the clitellom, a thick, whitish 
ring near the end, is absent. The laying of 
the eartlwomfs eggs is an interesting per- 
formance. A saclike ring is formed about 
the body in the region of the clitellum. 
This girdle is gradually worked forward 
and, as it is cast over the head, the sac- 
ends snap together enclosing the eggs. 
These capsules, yellowish-brown, football- 
shaped, about the size of a grain of wheat, 
may be found in May or June about ma- 
nure piles or under stones. 

Earthworms are completely deaf, al- 
though sensitive to vibration. They have 
no eyes, but can distinguish between light 
and darkness. The power of smell Is feeble. 
The sense of taste is well developed; the 
sense of touch is very acute; and we are not 



so sure as is Dr. Jordan that the angle- 
worm is at ease on the hook. 

Any garden furnishes good examples of 
the home of the earthworm. The burrows 
are made straight down at first then wind 
about irregularly. Usually they are about 
one or two feet deep, but may reach even 
eight feet. The burrow terminates gen- 
erally in an enlargement where one or 
several worms the winter. Toward the 
surface, the burrow is lined with a thin 
layer of fine, dark colored earth, voided by 
the worm. This creature is an excavator 
and builder of no mean ability. The tower- 
like " castings " so characteristic of the 
earthworm are formed with excreted earth. 
Using the tail as a trowel, it places earth 
now on one now on the other. 

In this work, of course, the tail protrudes; 
in the search for food, the is out. 

A worm, then, must make its home, nar- 
row as it is, with a view to being able to 
turn in it. 

An earthworm will bury itself in loose 
earth in two or three minutes and in com- 
pact soil, in fifteen minutes. Pupils should 
be able to make these observations easily 
either in the tenariom or in the garden. 

In plugging the mouths of their bur- 
rows, earthworms show something that 
seems like intelligence. Triangular leaves 
are invariably drawn in by the apex, pine 
needles by the common base, the manner 
varying with the shape of the leaf. They 
do 'not drag in a leaf by the footstalk, 
unless its basal part is as narrow as the 
apex. The mouth of the burrow may be 
lined with leaves for several inches. 

The burrows are not in dry 

ground or in loose sand. The earthworm 
lives in the finer,, moderately wet soils. It 
must have moisture, since it breathes 
through the skin, and it has sufficient 
knowledge of soil texture and plasticity to 
recognize the futility of attempts at bur- 
row building with unmanageable, large 
grains of sand. 

These creatures are nocturnal, rarely 
appearing by day unless " drowned out " 
of the burrows. 'During the day they lie 
near the surface extended at fall length, 
the head uppermost. Here they are discov- 



4 2 4 



ANIMALS 



ered by keen-eyed "birds and sacrificed by 
thousands, notwithstanding the strong 
muscular protest of which they are ca- 
pable. 

Seemingly conscious of its inability to 
find the way back to its home, an earth- 
worm anchors tight by its tail while 
stretching its elastic length in a foraging 
expedition. It is an omnivorous creature, 
including in its diet earth, leaves, flowers, 
raw meat, fat, and even showing cannibal- 
istic designs on fellow earthworms. In the 
schoolroom, earthworms may be fed on 
pieces of lettuce or cabbage leaves. A feed- 
ing worm will show the proboscis, an ex- 
tension of the upper lip used to push food 
into the mouth. The earthworm has no 
hard jaws or teeth, yet it eats through the 
hardest soil. Inside the mouth opening is 
a very muscular pharynx, which can be 
extended or withdrawn. Applied to the 
surface of any small object it acts as a suc- 
tion pump, drawing food into the food 
tube. The earth taken in furnishes some 
organic matter for food; calcareous matter 
is added to the remainder before being 
voided. This process is unique among ani- 
mals. The calcareous matter is supposed 
to be derived from leaves which the worms 
eat. Generally the earth is swallowed at 
some distance below the surface and 
finally ejected in characteristic " castings." 
Thus, the soil is slowly worked over and 
kept in good condition by earthworms, of 
which Darwin says: " It may be doubted 
whether there are many other animals 
which have played so important a part in 
the history of the world as have these 
lowly organized creatures." 

SUGGESTED READING Backyard Explo- 
ration, by Paul G. Howes; First Lessons in 
Nature Study, by Edith M. Patch; Nature 
by Seaside and Wayside, by Mary 1 - G. 
Phillips and Julia M. Wright, Book 2 7 
Some Animal Neighbors; Our Plant and 
Animal Neighbors, by Frank B. Younger; 
also, readings on page 416. 

Fly fishing is an art, a fine art beyond 
a doubt, but it is an art and, like all art, it 
is artificial. Fishing with an angleworm is 
natural. It fits into the need of the occa- 



sion, ft fits in with the spirit of the boy. 
It is not by chance that the angleworm, 
earthworm, fishworm, is found in even 7 
damp bank, in every handy bit of sod, the 
green earth over, where there are races 
whose boys are real boys with energy 
enough to" catch a fish. It is not by chance 
that the angleworm makes a perfect fit 
on a hook, with no anatomy with which to 
feel pains, and no arms or legs to be broken 
off or to be waved helplessly in the air. 
Its skin is tough enough so as not to 
tear, not so tough as to receive unseemly 
bruises, when the boy is placing it on the 
hook. The angleworm is perfectly at home 
on the hook. It is not quite comfortable 
anywhere else. It crawls about on sidewalks 
after rain, bleached and emaciated. It is 
never quite at ease even in the ground, 
but on the hook it rests peacefully, with 
the apparent feeling that its natural mis- 
sion is performed. 

" BOYS' FISH AND BOYS' FISHING/' 
DAVID STARR JORDAN 

LESSON 107 
THE EARTHWORM 

LEADING THOUGHT The earthworm is 
a creature of the soil and is of great eco- 
nomic importance. 

METHOD Any garden furnishes abun- 
dant material for the study of earthworms. 
They are nocturnal workers and may be 
observed by lantern or flashlight. To form 
some estimate of the work done in a 
single night, remove the " casts " from a 
square yard of earth one day, and examine 
that piece of earth the next. It is well to 
have a terrarium in the schoolroom for 
frequent observation. Scatter grass or dead 
leaves on top of the soil, and note what 
happens. For the study of the individual 
worm and its movements, each pupil 
should have a worm with some earth upon 
his desk. 

OBSERVATIONS i . How does the 
earthworm crawl? How does it turn over? 
Has it legs? Compare its movement with 
that of a snake, another legless animal. 
What special provision for locomotion 
has the earthworm? 



INVERTEBRATE ANIMALS OTHER THAN INSECTS 



425 



2. Compare the lengths of the con- 
tracted and extended body. How can the 
change be accounted for? 

3. Describe the body its shape and 
color above and below. Examine the 
segments. Do all the worms have the 
same number? Compare the head end 
with the tail end of the body. Has even- 
worm a " saddle/' or clitellum? 

4. Does the earthworm hear easily? Has 
it eyes? Is it sensible to smell or to touch? 
What sense is most strongly developed? 

5. Describe the home of the earthworm. 
Is it occupied by more than one worm? 
How long does it take a worm to make 
a burrow? How does it protect its home? 



How does it make a "burrow? In what kind 
of soil do yon find earthworms at work? 

6. Is the earthworm seen most often 
at night or by day? \\Tiere is it the rest 
of the time? How' does it hold to its bur- 
row? When Is the tail end at the top? 
\\Tien the head end? 

7. What is the food of the earthworm? 
How does it get its food? 

8. Look for the eggs of the earthworm 
about manure piles or under stones. 

9. \\Tiat are the enemies of the earth- 
worm? Is it a friend or an enemy to us? 
Why? 

10. The earthworm is a good agricultur- 
ist. Why? 



THE CRAYFISH 



When I look at a crayfish I envy it so 
rich is it in organs with which to do all 
that it has to do. From the head to the 
tail, it is crowded with a large assortment 
of executive appendages. In this day of 
multiplicity of duties, if we poor human 
creatures only had the crayfish's capabil- 
ities, then might we hope to achieve what 
lies before us. 

The most striking thing in the appear- 
ance of the crayfish is the great pair of 
nippers on each of the front legs. Wonder- 
fully are its " thumb and finger 7? put to- 
gether; the " thumb " is jointed so that it 
can move back and forth freely; and both 
are armed, along the inside edge, with 
saw r teeth and with a sharp claw at the tip 
so that they can get a firm grip upon an 
object. Five segments in these great legs 
can be easily seen; that joining the body 
is small, but each successive one is wider 
and larger, to the great forceps at the end. 
The two stout segments behind the nip- 
pers give strength, and also a suppleness 
that enables the claws to be bent in any 
direction. 

The legs of the pair behind the big 
nippers have five segments readily visible; 
but these legs are slender and the nippers 
at the end are small; the third pair of legs 
is armed like the second pair; "but the 



fourth and fifth pairs lack the pincers, and 
end in a single claw. 

But the tale of the crayfish's legs is by 
no means told; for between and above the 
great pincers is a pair of short, small legs 




The crayfish 

tipped with single claws, and fringed on 
their inner edges. These are the maxilli- 
peds, or jaw-feet; and behind them, but 
too close to be seen easily, are two more 
pairs of jaw-feet. As all of these jaw-feet 
assist at meals, the crayfish apparently al- 
ways has a " three-fork " dinner; and as 




ANIMALS 



Charles E. Mohr 



A blind white crayfish found living in the 
darkness of a cave in Kentucky 



if to provide accommodations for so many 
eating utensils, it has three pairs of jaws 
all working sidewise, one behind the other. 
Two of these pairs are maxillae and one, 
mandibles. The mandibles are the only 
ones we see as we look in between the 
jaw-feet; they are notched along the biting 
edge. Connected with the rnaxillse, on 
each side, are two pairs of threadlike flap- 
pers that wave back and forth vigorously 
and have to do with setting up currents 
of water over the gills. 

Thus we see that, in all, the crayfish has 
three pairs of jaw-feet ? one pair of great 
nippers, and four pairs of walking feet, two 
of which also have nippers and are used 
for digging and cam-ing. 

When we look upon the crayfish from 
above ? we see that the head and thorax 
are fastened solidly together, making what 
is called a cephalothorax. The cephalo- 
thorax is covered with a shell called the 



carapace, which is the name given also to 
the upper part of the turtle's shell. The 
suture where the head joins the thorax is 
quite evident. In looking at the head, the 
eyes first attract our attention; each is 
black and oval and placed on the tip of 
a stalk, so it can be extended or retracted 
or pushed in any direction, to look for 
danger. These eyes are like the compound 
eyes of insects, in that they are made up 
of many small eyes, set together in a 
honeycomb pattern. 

The long antennae are as flexible as 
braided whiplashes, large at the base and 
ending in a threadlike tip. They are com- 
posed of many segments, the basal ones 
being quite large. Above the antennae on 
each side is a pair of shorter ones called 
antennules, which come from the same 
basal segment; the lower one is the more 
slender and is usually directed forward; 
the upper one is stouter, curves upward, 
and is kept always moving, as if it were 
constantly on the alert for impressions. 
The antennas are used for exploring far 
ahead or behind the creature, and are 
often thrust down into the mud and 
gravel at the bottom of the aquarium, as 
if probing for treasure. The antennules 
seem to give warning of things closer at 
hand. Between the antennas and anten- 
nules is a pair of finger-like organs that are 
hinged at the outer ends and can be lifted 
back, if we do it carefully. 

In looking down upon a crayfish, we 
can see six abdominal segments and the 
flaring tail at the end, which is really an- 
other segment greatly modified. The first 
segment, or that next to the cephalo- 
thorax, is narrow; the others are about 
equal in size, each graceful in shape, with 
a widened part at each side which extends 
down along the sides of the creature. 
These segments are well hinged together 
so that the abdomen may be completely 
curled beneath the cephalothorax. The 
plates along the sides are edged with 
fringe. The tail consists of five parts, one 
semicircular in the center, and two fan- 
shaped pieces at each side, and all are 
margined with fringe. This tail is a remark- 
able organ. It can be closed or extended 



INVERTEBRATE ANIMALS OTHER THAN INSECTS 



4 2 7 



sidewise like a fan; it can be lifted up or 
curled beneath. 

Looking at the crayfish from below, we 
see on the abdomen some very beautiful 
feather-like organs called swimmerets. 
Each swimmeret consists of a basal seg- 
ment with twin paddles joined to its tip, 
each paddle being narrow and long and 
fringed with hairs. The mother crayfish 
has four pairs of these, one pair on each 
of the second, third, fourth, and fifth seg- 
ments; her mate has an additional larger 
pair on the first segment. These swim- 
merets, when at rest, lie close to the ab- 
domen and are directed forward and 
slightly inward. When in motion, they 
paddle with a backward, rhythmic motion, 
the first pair setting the stroke and the 
other pairs following in succession. This 
motion sends the body forward, and the 
swimmerets are chiefly used to aid the 
legs in forward locomotion. A crayfish, 
on the bottom of a pond, seems to glide 
about with great ease; but place it on 
land, and it is an awkward walker. The 
reason for this difference lies, I believe, in 
the aid given by the swimmerets when the 
creature is in water. Latter says: " In walk- 
ing, the first three pairs of legs pull and 
the fourth pair pushes. Their order of 
movement is as follows: The first on the 
right and the third on the left side move 
together, next the third right and the first 
left, then the second right and fourth left, 
and lastly the fourth right and second 
left." 

When the crayfish really wishes to 
swim, the tail is suddenly brought into 
use; it is thrust out backward, lays hold of 
the water by spreading out widely, and 
then doubles under with a spasmodic 
jerk which pulls the creature swiftly back- 
ward. 

The crayfish's appearance is magically 
transformed when it begins to swim; it is 
no longer a creature of sprawling awkward 
legs and great clumsy nippers; now, its 
many legs lie side by side supinely and 
the great claws are limp and flow along in 
graceful lines after the body, all obedient 
to the force which sends the creature fly- 
ing through the water. I cannot discover 



that the swimmerets help in this move- 
ment* 

The mother crayfish has another use 
for her swimmerets; in the spring, when 
she is ready to lay eggs, she cleans off her 
paddles with her hind legs, covers them 
with waterproof glue, and then plasters 
her on them in grapelike clusters of 
little dark globules. What a nice way to 
look after her family! The little ones 
hatch, but remain clinging to the maternal 
swimmerets until they are large enough 
to scuttle around on the brook bottom 
and look out for themselves. 

The breathing apparatus of the crayfish 
cannot be seen without dissection. All the 
walking legs, except the last pair, have gills 
attached to that portion of them which 
joins the body, and which lies hidden 
underneath the of the carapace or 

shell. The blood is forced into these gills, 
sends off its impurities through their thin 
walls, and takes in the oxygen from the 
water, currents of which are kept steadily 
flowing forward. 

Crayfishes haunt still pools along brook- 
sides and river margins and the shallow 
ponds of our fresh waters. There they 
hide beneath sticks and stones, or in caves 
of their own making, the doors of which 
they guard with the big and threatening 
nippers, which stand ready to grapple with 
anybody that comes to inquire if the folks 
are at home. The upper surface of the 
crayfish's body is always so nearly the 
color of the brook bottom that the eye 
seldom detects trie creature until it moves; 




B. Morton Miller 

A land crab, a relative of the crayfish. Note 
the eye-stalks 



428 



ANIMALS 



and if some enemy surprises one, it swims 
off with terrific jerks which roil all the 
water around; thus it covers its retreat. 
In the winter, our brook forms hibernate 
in the muddy bottoms of their summer 
haunts. There are many species; some in 
our southern states, when the dry season 
comes on, live in little wells which they 
dig deep enough to reach water. They 
heap up the soil which they excavate 




E. Morton Miller 

Fiddler crabs, so called from the position in 
which the male often holds the enlarged claw, 
are burrowing crabs of the Atlantic coast 

around the mouth of the well, making 
well-curbs of mud; these are ordinarily 
called " crawfish chimneys." The cray- 
fishes find their food in the flotsam and 
jetsam of the pooL They seem fond of 
the flesh of dead fishes and are often 
trapped by its use as bait. 

The growth of the crayfish is like that 
of insects; as its outer covering is a hard 
skeleton that will not stretch, it is shed 
as often as necessary; it breaks open down 
the middle of the back of the carapace, 
and the soft-bodied creature pulls itself 
out, even to the last one of its claws. 
While its new skin is yet elastic, it 
stretches to its utmost; but this skin also 



hardens after a time and is, in its turn, 
shed. Woe to the crayfish caught in this 
helpless, soft condition after molting! For 
it then has no way to protect itself. We 
sometimes find the old skin floating, per- 
fect in every detail, and so transparent that 
it seems the ghost of a crayfish. 

Not only is the crayfish armed in the 
beginning with a great number of legs, 
antennae, etc., but if it happens to lose 
any of these organs they will grow again. 
We have often found one of these crea- 
tures with one of the front claws much 
larger than the other; it had probably lost 
its big claw in a fight, and the new growth 
was not yet completed. 

I have been greatly entertained by 
watching a female crayfish make her nest 
in my aquarium, which has, for her com- 
fort, a bottom of three inches of clean 
gravel. She always commences at one side 
by thrusting down her antennae and nip- 
pers between the glass and stones; she 
seizes a pebble in each claw and pulls it 
up and in this way starts her excavation; 
but when she gets ready to carry off her 
load, she comes to the task with her tail 
tucked under her body, as a lady tucks up 
her skirts when she has something to do 
that requires freedom of movement. Then 
with her great nippers and the two pairs 
of walking feet, also armed with nippers, 
she loads up as much as she can carry- be- 
tween her great claws and her breast. She 
keeps her load from overflowing by hold- 
ing it down with her first pair of jaw-feet, 
just as I have seen a schoolboy use his 
chin, when carrying a too large load of 
books; and she keeps the load from falling 
out by supporting it from beneath with 
her first pair of walking legs. Thus ? she 
starts off with her " apron " full, walking 
on three pairs of feet, until she gets to the 
dumping place; then she suddenly lets go 
and at the same time her tail straightens 
out with a gesture which says plainly, 
" There! " Sometimes when she gets a 
very large load, she uses her second pair 
of walking legs to hold up the burden, 
and crawls off successfully, if not with 
ease, on two pairs of legs, a most un- 
natural quadruped. 



INVERTEBRATE ANIMALS OTHER THAN INSECTS 



429 



I had two crayfishes In a cage in an 
aquarium, and each made a nest in the 
gravel at opposite ends of the cage, heap- 
ing up the debris into a partition between 
them. I gave one an earthworm, which she 
promptly seized with her nippers; she then 
took up a good-sized pebble in the nippers 
of her front pair of walking legs, glided 
over to the other nest, spitefully threw 
down both worm and pebble on top of 
her fellow prisoner, and then sped home- 
ward. Her victim responded to the act by 
rising up and expressing perfectly, in his 
attitude and the gestures of his great claws, 
the most eloquent of crayfish profanity. 
In watching crayfishes carry pebbles, I 
have been astonished to see how con- 
stantly the larger pair of jaw-feet are used 
to help pick up and carry the loads. 

SUGGESTED READING The Pond Book, 
by Walter P. Porter and Einar A. Hansen; 
Scientific Living Series, Winter Comes 
and Goes, by George W. Frasier, Helen 
Dolman, and Kathryne Van Noy; also, 
readings on page 416. 

LESSON 108 
THE CRAYFISH 

LEADING THOUGHT The crayfish, or 
crawfish, as it is sometimes called, has 
one pair of legs developed into great pin- 
cers for seizing and tearing its food and 
for defending itself from enemies. It can 
live in mud or water. It belongs to the 
same animal group as do the insects, and 
it is a near cousin of the lobster. 

METHOD Place a crayfish in an aquar- 
ium (a battery jar or a two-quart Mason 
jar) in the schoolroom, keeping it in clear 
water until the pupils have studied its 
form. It will rise to explore the sides of 
the aquarium at first, and thus show its 
mouth-parts, legs, and swimmerets. After- 
wards, place gravel and stone in the bot- 
tom of the aquarium, so that it can hide 
itself in a little cavity which it will make 
by carrying pebbles from one side. Wash 
the gravel well before it is put in, so that 
the water will be unclouded and the chil- 
dren can watch the process of excavation. 

OBSERVATIONS i. What is there pe- 



culiar about the crayfish which makes it 
difficult to pick it up? Examine one of 
these great front legs carefully and see 
how wonderfully it is made. How many 
parts are there to it? Note how each suc- 
ceeding part is larger from the body to the 
claws. Note the tips which form the nip- 
pers, or chelae, as they are called. How are 
they armed? How are the gripping edges 
formed to take hold of an object? How 
wide can the nippers be opened, and how 
is this done? Note the two segments be- 
hind the great claw and describe how they 
help the work of the nippers. 

2. Study the pair of legs behind the 
great claws or chelae, and compare the 
two pairs, segment by segment. How do 
they differ except as to size? How do the 
nippers at the end compare with the big 
ones? Look at the next pair of legs be- 
hind these; are they similar? How do the 
tw r o pairs of hind legs differ In shape from 
the two pairs in front of them? 

3. Look between the great front claws 
and see if you can find another pair of 
small legs. Can you see anything more be- 
hind or above these little legs? 

4. When the crayfish lifts itself up 
against the side of the jar, study its mouth. 
Can you see a pair of notched jaws that 
work sidewise? Can you see two or three 
pairs of threadlike organs that wave back 
and forth in and out of the mouth? 

5. How many legs, in all, has the cray- 
fish? What are the short legs near the 
mouth used for? What are the great nip- 
pers used for? How many legs does the 
crayfish use when walking? In what order 
are they moved? Is the hind pair used for 
pushing? What use does it make of the 
pincers on the first and second pairs of 
walking legs? 

6. Look at the crayfish from above; the 
head and the covering of the thorax are 
soldered together into one piece. When 
this occurs, the whole is called a cephalo- 
thorax; and the cover is called by the same 
name as the upper shell of the turtle, the 
carapace. Can you see where the head is 
joined to the thorax? 

7. Look carefully at the eyes. Describe 
how they are set. Can they be pushed out 



SEASHORE CREATURES 



1. SEA URCHIN, Strongylocentrotus. The 

sea urchin i$ found along the Atlantic, Arctic, 
and Pacific coast. Us habitat varies from 
tide pools and shallow waters to very deep water. 
The body of the living animal is a flattened 
hemisphere covered with short spines. What is 
usually described as a sea urchin is really the 
skeleton or "test." 

2. FIDDLER CRAB, Uca. Fiddler crabs are 

common along the Atlantic coast of the United 

States. Above high tide great numbers of these 
crustaceans are found rushing into their bur- 
rows for shelter as one approaches. 

3. COMMON STARFISH, Asterias. One or 
the other of the two common varieties may 
be expected along the coast from the Gulf of 
Mexico to Labrador. The mouth is at the 
center of the lower surface of the animal and 
through the mouth the stomach is turned inside 
out to engulf and digest food. Its ability to de- 
vour mollusks makes the starfish a great enemy 
of oyster beds; it can force open the shells of 
an oyster, mussel, or other mottusk by pidling 
steadily with its strong arms and tubular feeL 
For that reason starfish caught at oyster beds are 
destroyed by plunging them into boiling water. 
Oystermen used to chop them in two and throw 
the pieces back into the w*ater until they learned 
thai each of the pieces could become a new star- 
fish. 

4. EGG CASES or FISHERMAN'S PURSES, 
Elasmobranch. These queer egg cases of sharks 
and skates are found empty along the shore. 

5. THE NOTCH-SIDE SHELL, Pleurotoma 
nana. This species belongs to a large family of 
shells with a world-wide distribution. 

6. SAND DOLLAR, Echinarachnius. While 
sand dollars are capabk of moving about over 
the ocean bottom by means of suckerlike feet, 
they do not seem able to right themselves if they 
are turned on their backs; and so thousands are 



cast helpless upon the shores by storms. They 
are found mostly from New Jersey northward 
to the Arctic Ocean, The specimens picked up 
on the shore are usually only the skeleton or 
"test. " The skeleton shows a design in five rays 
branching from a common center, a clear indi- 
cation that sand dollars and starfish are related. 

7. GIANT WHELK, Busycon or Fulgur. 
These whelks may be found from Cape Cod 
to the G'idf of Mexico, being most abundant 
along the coast of New Jersey and Long Island 
Sound on sandy or gravelly beaches near the 
low-tide level The strings of egg capsules 
which are often found on the beach are unique; 
each tough capsule may contain about two 
dozen eggs or young whelks. 

8. GREAT ARK SHELL, Area. The ark shells 
are cosmopolitan in their distribution; in ad- 
dition to being distributed in both the Atlantic 
and Pacific oceans they are found in the Medi- 
terranean. 

9. STAR CORAL, Astrangia danse. What one 
usually knows as coral is only the stony skeletal 
remains of coral animals; but pictured here 
are the living animal forms, known as polyps. 
They are glassy in appearance and each polyp 
has eighteen to twenty-four tentacles or stinging 
organs by means of which it captures its prey. 

10. SAND CRAB, Hippa. This very common 
yellowish-white crustacean^ sometimes used 
for fish bait, lives in shallow water along the 
sandy beaches from New Jersey to Long 
Island. With its pointed abdomen as a tool a 
sand crab digs a burrow very quickly, 

11. JELLYFISH, The jellyfish is shaped like 
an umbrella and has its mouth and stomach 
in the position occupied by the handle of a real 
umbrella; the tentacles and other sense organs 
are attached to the outer edge of the umbrella. 
By means of its tentacles the jellyfish captures 
the small animals upon which it feeds. 







Courtesy of American Museum of Natural History 



ANIMALS 



or polled in? Can they be moved in all 
directions? Of what advantage is this to 
the crayfish? 

8. How many antennae has the cray- 
fish? Describe the long ones and tell how 
they are used. Do the two short ones on 
each side come from the same basal seg- 
ment? These little ones are called the an- 
tennules. Describe the antennules of each 
side and tell how they differ. Can you see 
the little finger-like organs which clasp 
above the antenna? and below the anten- 
nules on each side of the head? Can these 
be moved? 

9. Look at the crayfish from above. How 
many segments are there in the abdomen? 
Note how graceful is the shape of each seg- 
ment. Note that each has a fan-shaped 
piece down the side. Describe how the 
edges of the segments along the sides are 
margined. 

10. Of how many pieces is the tail 
made? Make a sketch of it. How r are the 
pieces bordered? Can the pieces shut and 
spread out sidewise? Is the tail hinged so 
it can be lifted up against the back or 
curled under the body? 

n. Look underneath the abdomen and 
describe the little fringed organs called 
the swimmerets. How many are there? 

12. How does the crayfish swim? With 
what does it make the stroke? Describe 
carefully this action of the tail. When it 
is swimming, does it use its swimmerets? 
Why do not the many legs and big nip- 
pers obstruct the progress of the crayfish 
when it is swimming? 

13. When does the crayfish me its 



swimmerets? Do they work so as to push 
the body backward or forward? Do you 
know to "what use the mother crayfish puts 
her swimmerets? 

14. Do you know 7 how crayfishes 
breathe? Do you know what they eat and 
where they find it? 

15. Where do you find crayfishes? 
Where do they like" to hide? Do they go 
headfirst into their hiding place, or do 
they back in? Do they stand ready to de- 
fend their retreat? When you look down 
into the brook, are the crayfishes usually 
seen until they move? Why is this? Where 
do the crayfishes pass the winter? Did you 
ever see the crayfish burrows or mud 
chimneys? 

16. If the crayfish loses one of its legs 
or antennae, does it grow out again? How 
does the crayfish grow 7 ? 

17. Put a crayfish in an aquarium which 
has three inches of coarse gravel on the 
bottom, and watch it make its den. How 
does it loosen up a stone? With how many 
legs does it carry its burden of pebbles 
when digging its cave? How 7 does it use its 
jaw-feet, its nippers, and its first and sec- 
ond pairs of walking legs in this work? 

A rock-lined, wood-embosomed nook, 
Dim cloister of the chanting brook/ 
A chamber within the channeled hills, 
Where the cold crystal brims and spills, 
By dark-browed caverns blackly flows, 
Falls from the cleft like crumbling snows, 
And purls and splashes, breathing round 
A soft, suffusing mist of sound. 

J. T. TROWBRIDGE 



DADDY LONGLEGS OR GRANDFATHER GREYBEARD 



I wonder if there ever was a country 
child who has not grasped firmly the leg 
of one of these little sprawling creatures 
and demanded: " Grandfather Greybeard, 
tell me where the cows are or III kill you/' 
and Grandfather Greybeard, striving to 
get away, puts out one of his long legs 
this way, and another that way, and points 
in so many directions that he usually saves 



his life, since the cows must be some- 
where. It would be more interesting to 
the children and less embarrassing to the 
" daddy " if they were taught to look more 
closely at those slender, hairlike legs. 

" Daddy's " long legs are seven-jointed. 
The first segment is seemingly soldered 
fast to the lower side of his body, and is 
called the coxa. The next segment is a 



INVERTEBRATE ANIMALS OTHER THAN INSECTS 



433 



mere knob, usually black and ornamental, 
and is called the trochanter. Then conies 
the femur, a rather long segment directed 
upward; next Is a short swollen segment 
the 4i knee joint " or patella; next the 
tibia, which is also rather long. Then 
come the metatarsus and tarsus, which 
seemingly make one long downward-di- 
rected segment, outcurving at the tips, on 
which the " daddy " tiptoes along. 

I have seen a " daddy " walk into a drop 
of water, and his foot was never wetted, 
so light was his touch on the water sur- 
face film. The second pair of legs is the 
longest; the fourth pair next, and the first 
pair usually the shortest. The legs of the 
second pair are ordinarily used in explor- 
ing the surroundings. Notice that, when 
the " daddy " Is running, these two legs 
are spread wide apart and keep in rapid 
motion; their tips, far more sensitive than 
any nerves of our own, tell him the na- 
ture of his surroundings, by a touch so 
light that we cannot feel It on the hand. 
We have more respect for one of these 
hairlike legs, w ? hen we know it is capable 
of transmitting intelligence from Its tip. 




Daddy longlegs 

The " daddy " is a good traveler and 
moves with remarkable rapidity. And w r hy 
not? If our legs were as long In comparison 
as his, they would be about forty feet In 
length. When the " daddy " Is running, 
the body is always held a little distance 
above the ground; but when the second 
pair of legs suggests to him that there may 
be something good to eat in the neighbor- 
hood, he commences a peculiar teetering 
motion of the body, apparently touching 
It to the ground at every step; as the body 
is carried tilted with the head down* this 
movement enables the creature to explore 
the surface below him with his palpi, 
which he ordinarily carries bent beneath 



his face, with the ends curled up under 
his " chin." The palpi have four segments 
that are easily seen, and although they 
are ordinarily carried bent up beneath the 




One of ff daddy's " long legs with segments 
named 

head, they can be extended quite a dis- 
tance If " daddy " wishes to test a sub- 
stance. The end segment of the palpus Is 
tipped with a single claw. 

Beneath the palpi Is a pair of jaws; these, 
In some species, extend beyond the palpi. 
I have seen a daddy longlegs hold food to 
his jaws with his palpi and he seemed also 
to use them for stuffing It Into his mouth. 

The body of the daddy longlegs is a lit- 
tle oblong object, looking more like a big 
grain of wheat than anything else, because 
in these creatures the head, thorax, and ab- 
domen are all grown together compactly. 
On top of the body, between the feeler- 
legs, is a little black dot, and to the naked 
eye it would seem that if this were an or- 
gan of sight the creature must be a Cy- 
clops with only one eye. But under the 
lens this Is seen to be a raised knob, and 
there is on each side of It a little shining 
black eye. We hardly see the use of two 
eyes set so closely together, but probably 
the " daddy " does. 

The most entertaining thing which a 
" daddy " in captivity Is likely to do is to 
clean his legs; he is very particular about 
his legs, and he will grasp one close to the 
basal joint in his jaws and slowly pull it 
through, meanwhile holding the leg up to 
the jaws with the palpi, while he indus- 
triously nibbles it clean for the whole 
length to the very toe. Owing to the like- 
lihood of his losing one of his legs, he has 



434 

the power of growing a new one; so we 
often see a ** daddy " with one or more 
legs only half grown. 

There are many species of daddy long- 
legs in the United States, and some of 
them do not have the characteristic long 
legs. In the North, all except one species 
die at the approach of winter; but not un- 
til after the female, which, by the ^vay, 
ought to be called " granny longlegs," has 
laid her eggs in the ground, or under some 
protecting stone, or in some safe crevice 
of wood or bark. In the spring the eggs 
hatch into tiny creatures which look just 
like the old daddy longlegs. except for 
their size. They get their growth like in- 
sects, by shedding their skins as fast as 
they outgrow them. It is interesting to 
study one of these cast skins with a lens. 
There it stands with a slit down its back, 
and with the skin of each leg absolutely 
perfect to the tiny claw! Again we marvel 
at these legs that' seem so threadlike, and 
which have an outer covering that can be 
shed. Some say that the daddy longlegs 
live on small insects which they straddle 
over and pounce down upon, and some say 
they feed upon decaying matter and vege- 
table juices. This would be an interesting 
line of investigation for pupils, since they 
might be able to give many new facts 
about the food of these creatures. The 
" daddies " are night prowlers, and like to 
hide in crevices by day, waiting for the 
dark to hunt for their food. They have 
several common names. Besides the two 
given they are called " harvestmen T? and 
the French call them " haymakers." Both 
of these names were very probably given 
because the creatures appear in greater 
numbers at the time of haying and har- 
vesting. 

SUGGESTED READING First Lessons in 
Nature Study, by Edith M. Patch; also, 
readings on page 416. 

LESSON 109 

THE DADDY LONGLEGS 

LEADING THOUGHT These long-legged 

creatures have one pair of legs too many 

to allow them to be classed with the in- 



ANIMALS 

sects. They are more nearly related to the 
spiders, which also have eight legs. They 
are pretty creatures when examined 
closely, and they do many interesting 
things. 

METHOD Put a grandfather greybeard 
in a breeding cage or under a large tum- 
bler, and let the pupils observe him at 
leisure. If you place a few drops of sweet- 
ened water at one side of the cage, the 
children will surely have an opportunity 
to see this amusifig creature clean his legs. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Where did you find 
the harvestman? What did it do as soon as 
it was disturbed? How many names do you 
know for this little creature? 

2. A " daddy " with such long legs cer- 
tainly ought to have them studied. How 
many segments in each leg? How do the 
segments look? How do the legs look 
where they are fastened to the body? 
Which is the longest pair of legs? The 
next? The next? The shortest? 

3. If you had such long stilts as he has, 
they would be about forty feet long. 
Would you lift yourself that high in the 
air? Does the " daddy " lift his body high 
or swing it near the ground? What shape 
is the body? Can you see if there is a dis- 
tinct head? Can you see a black dot on top 
of the front end of the body? If you should 
see this dot through a microscope it 
would prove to be two bright black eyes. 
Why should the daddy's eyes be on top? 

4. Do you see a pair of organs that look 
like feelers at the front end of the body? 
These are called palpi. How does he use 
his palpi? Give him a little bruised or de- 
caying fruit, and see him eat. Where do 
you think his mouth is? Where does he 
keep his palpi when he is not using them 
for eating? 

5. Note what care he takes of his legs. 
How does he clean them? Which does he 
clean the oftenest? Do you think the very 
long second pair of legs is used as much 
for feeling as for walking? Put some object 
in front of the " daddy " and see him ex- 
plore it with his legs. How much of the 
leg is used as a foot when the " daddy " 
stands or runs? 

6. When running fast 7 how does the 



INVERTEBRATE ANIMALS THAN INSECTS 



435 



" daddy " earn- his body? When explor- 
ing how does he earn- It? Do you ever find 
the " daddy " with his body resting on the 
surface on which he is standing? When 
resting, are all eight of his legs on the 
ground? Which are in the air? Is the head 
end usually tilted up or down? 
7. Do you see the daddy longlegs early 



in the spring? When do you find him 
most often? How do you suppose he 
passes the winter in our climate? Have 
you ever seen a 4t daddy " with one leg 
much shorter than the other? How could 
you explain this? 

8. Try to discover what the daddy long- 
legs eats, and where he finds his food. 



liii, 




G. BL J*nks 

The poisonous black widow or hourglass spider. It awrf the are the 

in the United States 



SPIDERS 



The spiders are the civil engineers 
among the small inhabitants of our fields 
and woods. They build strong suspension 
bridges, from which they hang nets made 
with exquisite precision; and they build 
airplanes and balloons, which are more 
efficient than any that we have yet con- 
structed; for although they are not exactly 
dirigible, yet they carry the little balloon- 
ists where they wish to go, and there are 
few fatal accidents. Moreover, the spiders 
are of much economic importance, since 
they destroy countless xniHioas of insects 
every year, most of which are noxious 
like flies, mosquitoes, bugs, and grasshop- 
pers. 

There is an impression abroad that all 
spiders are dangerous to handle. This is 



a mistake; the bite of any of our common 
spiders is not nearly so dangerous as the 
bite of a malaria-laden mosquito* Al- 




A nether of the black widow. Above is 

underside to show the red hourglass 



436 



ANIMALS 



though there is a little venom injected 
into tht wound by the bite of any spider, 
yet there are few species found in the 
United States whose bite is sufficiently 




The tarantula, a large, dark-colored, hairy j)i- 
derjountl in the Southicest.lt is poisonous 



venomous to be feared. With the excep- 
tion of the tarantulas of the Southwest, 
and the hourglass or black widow, which 
seems now to be extending its range from 
the Sooth, the spiders of the United States 
are really as harmless to handle as are most 
of our common insects. 

There is no need for studying the anat- 
omy of the spider closely in nature-study. 
Our interest lies much more in the won- 
derful structures made by the spiders ? than 
in a detailed study of the little creatures 
themselves. 



COBWEBS 



Here shy Arachne winds her endless 

thread. 

And weaves her silken tapestry unseen, 
Veiling the rough-hewn timbers overhead. 
And looping gossamer festoons be- 
tween. 

ELIZABETH AKERS 

Our house spiders are indefatigable cur- 
tain-weavers. We never suspect their pres- 
ence, until suddenly their curtains appear 
before our eyes, in the angles of the ceil- 
ings invisible until laden with dust. 
The cobwebs are made of crisscrossed 
lines, which are so placed as to entangle 
any fly that comes near. The lines are 
stayed' to the sides of the wall and to each 
other quite firmly, and thus they are able 
to hold a fly that touches them. The spider 
is likely to be in its little den at the side of 
the web; this den may be in a crevice in 
the comer or in a tunnel made of the silk. 
As soon as a fly becomes entangled in the 
web, the spider runs to it, seizes it in its 
jaws, sucks its blood, and then throws 
away the shell the wings, and the legs. If a 
spider is frightened, it at first tries to hide 
and then may drop by a thread to the 
Moor. If we catch the little acrobat it will 
usually " play possum " and we may ex- 
amine it more closely through a lens. We 
shall ind It is quite different in form from 
an insect. First to be noted, it has eight 
legs; but most important of all, it has only 
two parts to the body. The head and 



thorax are consolidated into one piece, 
which is called the cephalothorax. The ab- 
domen has no segments like that of the in- 
sects, and is joined to the cephalothorax 
by a short, narrow stalk. At the front of 
the head is the mouth, guarded by two 
mandibles, each ending in a sharp claw, at 
the tip of which the poison gland opens. 
It is by thrusting these mandibles into its 
prey that it kills its victims. On each side 
of the mandible is a palpus, which in the 
males is of very strange shape. The eyes 
are situated on the top of the head. There 
are usually four pairs of these eyes, and 
each looks as beady and alert as if it were 
the only one. 

The spinning organs of the spider are 
situated near the tip of the abdomen, 
while the spinning organ of the caterpillar 



:Wy 



. 4 * l&amp;4f - !j 

;, :,K -IK Hj ; WAf. S-rf^" . 



An orange garden spider and web. This spi- 
der is common in the United States; its web 
is spun in fields and gardens. 



INVERTEBRATE ANIMALS OTHER THAN INSECTS 



457 



is situated near its lower lip. The spider's 
silk conies from two or three pairs of spin- 
nerets which are finger-like in form, and 
upon the end of each are many small tubes 
from which the silk is spun. The silk is in 
a fluid state as it issues from the spinner- 
ets, but it hardens immediately on contact 
with the air. In making their webs, spiders 
produce two kinds of silk: one is dry and 
inelastic, making the framework of the 
web; the other is sticky and elastic, cling- 
ing to anything that it touches. The 
body and the legs of spiders are usually 
hair\\ 

SUGGESTED READING Do you Know? 
by Janet Smalley; Fields and Fencerows, 




The banana spider. These spiders differ 
from other Arachnida by having the abdo- 
men unsegmented and Joined to the thorax by 
a short, narrow stalk as shown here 

by Walter P. Porter and Einar A. Hansen; 
First Lessons in Nature Study, by Edith 
M. Patch; Insect People, by Eleanor King 
and Wellmer Pessels; A Manual for the 
Study of Insects, by John Henry Com- 
stock 7 Anna B. Comstock, and Glenn W. 
Herrick; Nature by Seaside and Way- 
$ide&gt; by Mary G. Phillips and Julia M. 
Wright, Book i, Some Animals and Their 
Homes; Nature and Science Readers, by 
Edith M. Patch and Harrison E. Howe, 
Book i ? Hunting, Book 2 7 Outdoor 
Visits, Book 3, Surprises, Book 5, Science 
at Home; Our Insect Friends and Foes 
and Spiders, published by the National 
Geographic Society; The Spider Book, by 
John Heniy Comstock (out of print); 



Spider Webs and Sunflowers, by Man- G, 

Phillips; also, readings on page 416. 

LESSON no 
COBWEBS 

LEADING THOUGHT The cobwebs 

which are found in the corners of ceilings 
and in other dark places In our houses are 




A jumping 

made by the house spider, which spins its 
web In these situations for the purpose of 
catching Insects. 

METHOD The pupils should have un- 
der observation, a cobweb In a corner of a 
room, preferably with a spider In It. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Is the web in a sheet 
or is It a mass of crisscrossed, tangled 
threads? How are the threads held In 
place? 

2. What is the purpose of this web? 
Where does the spider hide? Describe Its 
den. 




The spiny-bellied spider 



ANIMALS 



3. If a fly becomes tangled in a web, 
describe the action of the spicier. Does the 
spider eat all of the fly? What does it do 
with the remains? 

4. If the spider is frightened, what does 
it do? Where does the silken thread come 
from, and how does its source differ from 
the source of the silken thread spun by 
caterpillars? 

5. Imprison a spider under a tumbler or 
in a vial, and look at it very carefully. How 
many legs has it? Ho\v does the spider 
differ from insects in this respect? How' 
mam* sections are there to the body? How- 



does the spider differ from insects in this 
respect? 

6. Look closely at the head. Can you see 
the hooked jaws, or fangs? Can you see the 
palpi on each side of the jaws? Where are 
the spider's eyes? How many pairs of eyes 
does it have? 

When the tangled cobweb pulls 

The cornflower's cap awn*, 
And the lilies tall lean over the wall 
To bow to the butterfly, 
It is July. 

' SUSAN HARTLEY SWETT 



THE FUNNEL WEB OF A GRASS SPIDER 

And dew- bright webs festoon the grass 
In roadside fields at morning. 

ELIZABETH AKERS 




The funnel web of a grass spider 

Sometimes, on a dewy morning, a field 
will seem carpeted with these webs, each 
with its opening stretched wide, and each 
with its narrow hallway of retreat. The 
general shape of the web is like that of a 
broad funnel with a tube leading down at 
one side. This tube is used as a hiding 
place by the architect, the grass spider, 
which thus escapes the eyes of its enemies, 
and also keeps out of sight of any insects 
that might be frightened at seeing it, and 
so avoid the web. But the tube is no cul-de- 
sac; quite to the contrary, it has a rear exit, 
through which the spider, if frightened, 
escapes from attack. 

The web is formed of many lines of silk 



crossing each other irregularly, forming a 
firm sheet. This sheet is held in place by 
many guy-lines, which fasten it to sur- 
rounding objects. If the web is touched 
lightly, the spider rushes forth from its 
lair to seize its prey; but if the web 
be jarred roughly, the spider speeds 
out through its back door and can be 
found only with difficult}-. The smaller 
insects of the field, such as flies and 
bugs, are the chief food of this spider; it 
rarely attempts to seize a grown grasshop- 
per. 

The funnel-shaped webs in dark cor- 
ners of cellars are made by a species which 
is closely related to the grass spider and 
has the same general habits, but which 
builds in these locations instead of in 
the grass. 

SUGGESTED READING Holiday 
Meadow, by Edith M. Patch; also, read- 
ings on page 437. 

LESSON 111 

THE FUNNEL WEB 

LEADING THOUGHT The grass spider 
spins funnel-shaped webs in the grass to 
entrap the insects of the field. This web 
has a back door. 



INVERTEBRATE ANIMALS OTHER THAN INSECTS 



439 



METHOD Ask the pupils to observe a 
web on the grass with a spider within it. 

OBSERVATIONS i . What is the gen- 
eral shape of the web? Is there a tunnel 
leading down from it? Why is it called 
a funnel web? 

2. Of what use is the funnel tube, and 
what is its shape? Where does it lead, and 
of what use is it to the spider? Can you 
corner a spider in its funnel tube? Why 
not? 

3. How is the web made? Is there any 



regularity in the position of the threads 

that make it? By what means is it stayed in 
place? 

4. Touch the web lightly, and note how 
the spider acts. Jar the web roughly, and 
what does the spider do? 

5. \VTiat insects become entangled in 
this web? 

6. Compare this web with similar fun- 
nel webs found in corners of cellars, sheds, 
or porches, and see if you think the same 
kind of spider made both. 



THE ORB WEB 



Of all the structures made by the lower 
creatures, the orb web of the spider is, be- 
yond question, the most intricate and 
beautiful in design, and the most exquisite 
in workmanship. The watching of the con- 
struction of one of these w r ebs is an expe- 
rience that brings us close to those mys- 
teries which seem to be as fundamental 
as they are inexplicable in the plan of the 
universe. It is akin to watching the growth 
of a crystal, or the stars wheeling across 
the heavens in their appointed courses. 

The orb web of the large black and yel- 
low garden spider is, perhaps, the best sub- 
ject for this study, although many of the 
smaller orbs are far more delicate in struc- 
ture. These orb webs are most often 
placed vertically, since they are thus more 
likely to be in the path of flying insects. 
The number of radii, or spokes, differs 
with the different species of spiders, and 
they are usually fastened to a silken frame- 
work, which in turn is fastened by guy- 
lines to surrounding objects. These radii 
or spokes are connected by a continuous 
spiral line, spaced regularly except at the 
center or hub; this hub or center is of more 
solid silk, and is usually surrounded by an 
open space; and it may be merely an ir- 
regular network, or it may have wide 
bands of silk laid across it. 

The radii or spokes, the guy-lines, the 
framework, and the center of the web are 
all made of inelastic silk, which does not 
adhere to an object that touches it. The 
spiral line, on the contrary, is very elastic, 




An orb web on a dewy morning 

and adheres to any object brought in con- 
tact with it. An insect which touches one 
of these spirals and tries to escape be- 
comes entangled in the neighboring lines 
and is thus held fast until the spider can 




ANIMALS 



The finished web of a triangle spider 

reach It. If one of these elastic lines be ex- 
amined with a microscope, it is a most 
beautiful object. There are strung upon it, 
like pearls, little drops of sticky fluid 
which render it not only elastic but adhe- 
sive. 

Some species of orb weavers remain at 
the center of the web, while others hide 
in some little retreat near at hand. If in 
the middle, the spider always keeps watch- 
ful claws upon the radii of the web so that 
if there is any jarring of the structure by 
an entrapped insect, it is at once apprised 
of the fact; if the spider is in a den at one 
side, it keeps a claw upon a trap line which 
is stretched tightly from the hub of the 
web to the den, and thus communicates 
any vibration of the web to the hidden sen- 
tinel. When the insect becomes en- 
tangled, the spider rashes out and envelops 




it in a band of silk, which feat it accom- 
plishes by turning the insect over and over 
rapidly, meanwhile spinning a broad, 
silken band which swathes it. It may bite 
the insect before it begins to swathe it in 
silk or afterwards. It usually hangs the 
swathed insect to the web near where it 
was caught, until ready to eat it; it then 
takes the prey to the center of the web, if 
the spider usually sits there, or to its den 
at one side, if it is a den-making species, 
and there sucks the insect's blood, care- 
fully throwing away the hard parts. 

The spider does not became entangled 
in the web, because when it runs it steps 
upon the dry radii and not upon the sticky 
spiral lines. During the busy season, the 
spider is likely to make a new web every 




The triangle spider usually rests on the single 
line of the web 



Some of the orb weavers strengthen their 
orb webs by spinning a zigzag ribbon, as pic- 
tured above, across the center 

twenty-four hours, but this depends 
largely upon whether the web has mean- 
while been destroyed by large insects. 

The spider's method of making its first 
bridge is to place itself upon some high 
point and, lifting its abdomen in the air, 
to spin out on the breeze a thread of silk. 
When this touches any object, it adheres, 
and the spider draws in the slack until the 
line is " taut "; it then travels across this 
bridge, which is to support its web, and 
makes it stronger by doubling the line. 
From this line, it stretches other lines by 
fastening a thread to one point, and then 



INVERTEBRATE ANIMALS OTHER THAN INSECTS 



441 



walking along to some other point, spin- 
ning the thread as it goes and holding the 
line clear of the object on which it is walk- 
ing by means of one of its hind legs. \VTien 
the right point is reached, it pulls the line 
tight, fastens it, and then, in a similar fash- 
ion, proceeds to make another. It may 
make its first radius by dropping from its 
bridge to some point below; then climbing 
back to the center, it fastens the line for 
another radius, and spinning as it goes, 
walks down and out to some other point, 
holding the thread clear and then pulling 
it tight before fastening it. Having thus 
selected the center of the web, it goes back 
and forth to and from it, spinning lines 
until all of the radii are completed and 
fastened at one center. It then starts at 
the center and spins a spiral, laying it on to 
the radii to hold them firm. However, the 
lines of this spiral are farther apart and 
much more irregular than the final spiral. 
Thus far, all of the threads the spider has 
spun are inelastic and not sticky; and this 
first or temporary spiral is used by the 
spider to walk upon when spinning the 
final spiral. It begins the latter at the outer 
edge instead of at the center, and works 
toward the middle. As the second spiral 
progresses, the spider with its jaws cuts 
away the spiral which it first made, and 




The spinner of this web, Amaurobius, lives 

in a crevice in the cliff. The web was spun 
about the entrance 



which it has used as a scaffolding. A care- 
ful observer may often see remnants of 
this first spiral on the radii between the 




The irregular web of a dictynid 

lines of the permanent spiral. The spider 
works very rapidly and will complete a 
web in a very short time. The final spiral 
is made of the elastic and adhesive silk. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings 
page 437. 



on 



LESSON 



112 



THE ORB WEB 

LEADING THOUGHT Perhaps no struc- 
ture made by a creature lower than man is 
so exquisitely perfect as the orb web of 
the spider. 

METHOD There should be an orb web 
where the pupils can observe it, preferably 
with the spider in attendance. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Is the orb web usu- 
ally hung horizontally or vertically? 




ANIMALS 



Web of a kackled-band spider 

2. Observe the radii, or " spokes/ 7 of 
the web. How many are there? How are 
they fastened to surrounding objects? Is 
each spoke fastened to some object or to 
a framework of silken lines? 

3. Observe the silken thread laid around 
the spokes. Is it a spiral line or is each cir- 
cle complete? Are the lines the same dis- 
tance apart on the outer part of the web 
as at the center? How many of the circling 
lines are there? 

4. Is the center of the web merely an 
irregular net, or are there bands of silk put 
on in zigzag shape? 

5. Touch any of the " spokes " lightly 
with the point of a pencil. Does it adhere 
to the pencil and stretch out as you pull 
the pencil away? Touch one of the circling 
lines with a pencil point, and see if it ad- 
heres to the point and is elastic. What is 
the reason for this difference in the sticki- 



ness and elasticity 7 of the different kinds 
of silk in the orb web? 

6. If an insect touches the web, how 
does it become more entangled by seeking 
to get away? 

7. Where does the spider stay, at the 
center of the web or in a little retreat at 
one side? 

8. If an insect becomes entangled in 
the web, how does the spider discover the 
fact and act? 

9. If the spider sits at the middle of the 
orb, it has a different method for discov- 
ering when an insect strikes the web than 
does the spider that hides in a den at one 
side. Describe the method of each. 

10. How does the spider make fast an 
insect? Does it bite the insect before it 
envelops it in silk? Where does it carry 
the insect to feed upon it? 

1 1 . How does the spider manage to run 
about its web without becoming en- 
tangled in the sticky thread? How often 
does the orb weaver make a new web? 

How AN ORB WEB is MADE 

Spiders may be seen making their webs 
in the early morning or in the evening. 
Find an orb web with a spider in attend- 
ance; break the web without frightening 
the spider and see it replace it in the early 
evening, or in the morning about day- 
break. An orb weaver may be brought into 




A partially completed orb web 

a, the temporary spiral stay-line, b, the sticky spiral 
line, c, the fragments of the temporary spiral hanging to 

a radius 



INVERTEBRATE ANIMALS OTHER THAN INSECTS 



443 



the house on its web, when the web is on 
a branch, and placed where it will not be 
disturbed, and thus be watched at leisure. 
OBSERVATIONS i . How does the spider 
manage to place the supporting line be- 
tween two points? 

2. How does it make the framework for 
holding the web in place? 

3. How does it make the Erst radius? 

4. How does it make the other radii and 
select the point which is to be the center 
of the web? 

5. How does it keep the line which it is 
spinning clear of the line it walks upon? 

6. After the radii are all made, are they 
fastened at the center? 



7. How and where does the spider first 
begin to spin a spiral? Are the lines of 
this spiral close together or far apart? For 
what is the first spiral that the spider spins 
used? 

8. Where does it begin to spin the per- 
manent spiral? Where does it walk when 
spinning it? By the way it walks on the 
first spiral, do you think it is sticky and 
elastic? What does it do with the first 
spiral while the second one is being fin- 
ished? 

9. If the center of the web has a zigzag 
ribbon of silk, when was it put on? 

ic. How many minutes did it take the 
spider to complete the web? 



THE FILMY DOME 



Like bubbles cut in half, these delicate 
domes catch the light rays and separate 
them like a prism into waves of rainbow 
colors. One of these domes is usually 
about the size of an ordinary bowl, and is 
suspended with the opening on the lower 
side. It is held in place by many guy-lines 
which attach it to surrounding objects. 
Above a filmy dome are always stretched 
many crisscrossed threads for some dis- 
tance up. These are for the purpose of 
hindering the flight of insects, so that they 
will fall into the web. The little spider, 
which always hangs ? back downward, just 
below the center of the dome, rashes to 
its prey from the lower side, pulls it 
through the meshes of the web, and feeds 
upon it. But any remains of the insect or 
pieces of sticks or leaves which may drop 
upon the web, it carefully cuts out and 
drops to the ground, mending the hole 
very neatly. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
page 437. 

LESSON 113 
THE FILMY DOME 

LEADING THOUGHT One little spider 
spins a filmy dome, beneath the apex of 
which it hangs ? back downward, awaiting 
its prey. 

METHOD On a sunny day in late sum- 
mer or early autumn, while walking along 



woodland paths, the careful observer is 
sure to see suspended among the bushes 
or in the tops of weeds, or among dead 
branches of young hemlocks, the filmy 
dome webs. They are about as large as a 
small bowl, and usually so delicate that 
they cannot be seen unless the sun shines 
upon them; they are likely to be ex- 
quisitely iridescent under the sun's rays. 
Such a dome may be studied by a class or 
by the pupils individually. 




A filmy dome web with its maker 



444 



OBSERVATIONS i. \\Tiere did you dis- 
cover the filmy dome? What is the size of 
the dome? Does it open above or below? 
How is it held in place? 

2. Are there many crisscrossed threads 
extending above the dome? If so, what do 
you think they are for? 

3. Where does the spider stay? Is the 
spider large and heavy, or small and deli- 
cate? 



ANIMALS 

4. What does the spider do if an insect 
becomes entangled in its web? 

5. Throw a bit of stick or leaf upon a 
filmy dome web, and note what becomes 
of it 



With spiders I had friendship made, 
And watch'd them in their sullen trade. 
" THE PRISONER OF CHILLON," 
LORD BYRON 



BALLOONING SPIDERS 



If we look across the grass some warm 
sunny morning or evening of early fall, we 
see threads of spider silk clinging eveiy- 




A sea of gossamer. The webs of ballooning 

spiders 

where; these are not regular webs for 
trapping insects, but are single threads 
spun from grass stalk to grass stalk until 
the fields are carpeted with glistening silk. 
We have a photograph of a plow r ed field, 
taken in autumn, which looks like the 
waves of a lake; so completely is the 
ground covered with spider threads that 
it shows the " path of the son " like water. 
When w ? e see so many of these random 
threads, it is a sign that the young spiders 
have started on their travels, and it is not 
difficult then to find one in the act. The 
spiderling climbs up some tall object, like 
a twig or a blade of grass, and sends out its 
thread of silk upon the air. If the thread 
becomes entangled, the spiderling some- 



times walks off on it, using it as a bridge, 
or sometimes it begins again. If the thread 
does not become entangled with any ob- 
ject, there is soon enough given off for the 
friction of the air current upon it to sup- 
port the weight of the body of the little 
creature, which promptly lets go its hold 
of earth as soon as it feels safely buoyed up, 
and off it floats to lands unknown. Spiders 
thus sailing through the air have been dis- 
covered in midocean. 

Thus we see that the spiders have the 
same way of distributing their species over 
the globe as have the thistles and dande- 
lions. It has been asked what the spiders 
live upon while they are making these long 
journeys, especially those that have drifted 
out to sea. The spider has very convenient 
habits of eating. When it finds plenty of 
food it eats a great deal; but in time of 
famine it lives on, apparently comfortably, 
without eating. One of our captive spiders 
w r as mislaid for six months and when we 
found her she was as full of " grit " as ever, 
and she did not seem to be abnormally 
hungry when food was offered her. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
page 437. 

A noiseless, patient spider, 

I marFd where on a little promontory it 
stood isolated, 

MarFd "how to explore the vacant vast sur- 
rounding, 

It launched forth filament, filament, fila- 
ment out of itself; 

Ever unreeling them, ever tirelessly speed- 
ing them. 



INVERTEBRATE ANIMALS OTHER THAN INSECTS 



445 



And you O my soul where you stand, 
Surrounded, detacfied ? in measureless 

oceans of space. 
Ceaselessly, musing, venturing, throwing, 

seeking the spheres to connect them, 
Till the bridge you will need be form'd, 

till the ductile anchor hold; 
Till the gossamer thread you fling catch 

somewhere., O my soul. 

WALT WHITMAN 

LESSON 114 

BALLOONING SPIDERS 

LEADING THOUGHT The young of 
many species of spiders scatter themselves 
like thistle seeds in balloons which they 
make of silk. 

METHOD - These observations should 
be made out-of-doors during some warm 
sunny day in October, 



OBSERVATIONS i . Look across the 
grass some warm sunny morning or eve- 
ning of early fall, and note the threads of 
spider silk gleaming everywhere, not regu- 
lar webs, but single threads spun from 
grass stalk to grass stalk, or from one object 
to another, until the ground seems glisten- 
ing with silk threads. 

2, Find a small spider on a bush, fence 
post, or at the top of some tall grass stalk; 
watch it until it begins to spin out its 
thread, 

3. What happens to the thread as it is 
spun out? 

4. If the thread does not become en- 
tangled in any surrounding object what 
happens? If the thread does become en- 
tangled, what happens? 

5, How far do you suppose a spider can 
travel on this silken airplane? Why should 
the young spider wish to travel? 



THE WHITE CRAB SPIDER 



There are certain spiders which are crab- 
like in form, and their legs are so arranged 
that they can walk more easily sidewise or 
backward than forward. These spiders spin 
no webs, but lie in wait for their prey. 
Many of them live upon plants and fences 
and, in winter, hide in protected places. 

The white crab spider is a little rascal 
that has discovered the advantage of pro- 
tective coloring as a means of hiding itself 
from the view of its victims,, until it is too 




The white crab spider 

late for them to save themselves; the small 
assassin always takes on the color of the 
flower in which it lies concealed. In the 




A white crab spider with a bee it has captured 

white trillium, it is greenish white; while 
in the goldenrod its decorations are yellow. 
It waits in the heart of the flower, or in 
the flower clusters, until the visiting insect 
alights and seeks to probe for the nectar; 
it then leaps forward and fastens its fangs 
into its struggling victim. I have seen a 
crab spider in a milkweed attack a bee 
three times its size. This spider was white 
with lilac or purple markings. If disturbed, 
the crab spider can walk off awkwardly or 



44 6 



ANIMALS 



it may drop by a silken thread. It is espe- 
cially interesting, since it illustrates an- 
other use for protective coloring; and also 
because this species seems to be able to 
change its colors to suit its surroundings. 

SUGGESTED READING Nature and Sci- 
ence Readers, by Edith M. Patch and Har- 
rison E. Howe," Book 2, Outdoor Visits; 
also, readings on page 437. 

LESSON 11 ; 
THE WHITE CRAB SPIDER 

LEADING THOUGHT The white crab 
spider has markings upon its body of the 
same color as the flower in which it rests 
and is thus enabled to hide in ambush out 
of the sight of its victims the insects 
which come to the flower for nectar. 

METHOD Ask the children to bring 



one of these spiders to school in the flower 
in which it was found; note how incon- 
spicuous it is, and arouse an interest in the 
different colors which these spiders as- 
sume in different flowers. 

OBSERVATIONS i . What is the shape 
of the body of the crab spider? Which of 
the legs are the longest? Are these legs 
directed forward or backward? 

2. How is the body marked? What 
colors do you find upon it? x\re the colors 
the same "in the spiders found in the tril- 
liums as those in other flowers? Why is 
this? Do you think that the color of the 
spider keeps it from being seen? 

3. Place the white spider which you 
may find in a trillium or in a daffodil, and 
note if the color changes. 

4. Do the crab spiders make webs? How 
do they trap their prey? 




HOW THE SPIDER MOTHERS TAKE CARE OF THEIR EGGS 

a circular lichen on the stone, but if it is 
examined it is found to consist of an up- 
per, very smooth ? waterproof coat, while 
below is a soft, downy nest, completely 
enfolding the spider's eggs. 

The egg-sacs of the cobweb weavers are 
often found suspended in their webs. One 
of the large orb weavers makes a very re- 
markable nest, which it attaches to the 
branches of weeds or shrubs. This sac is 
about as large as a hickory nut, and opens 
.- _. Q1 . , . like a vase at the top. It is very securely 

M. V. Slingerland * , i ,1 i f-n 

. , ., jj , . T . suspended by many strong threads ot silk, 

A crab spider on a goldenrod f upper right. r J J 

The spider is white when lurking in the white 
trillium and yellow when among the flowers 
oj the goldenrod 

Protecting her eggs from the vicissi- 
tudes of the weather seems to be the spi- 
der mother's chief care; though at the same 
time and by the same means she protects 
them from the attacks of predacious in- 
sects. Many of the species make silken egg- 
sacs, which are often elaborate in construc- 
tion, and are carefully placed in protected 
situations. 

Often a little silvery disc may be seen Entrance to the underground nest of a turret 
attached to a stone in a field. It resembles spider 




INVERTEBRATE ANIMALS OTHER THAN INSECTS 



447 



so that the blasts of winter cannot tear it 
loose. The outside is shining and water- 
proof, while inside it has a fit lining for 
a spiderling cradle. 



TRAP-DOOR SPID6R 




A female turret spider with egg-sac 

Dr. Burt G. Wilder studied the devel- 
opment of the inmates of one of these 
nests by cutting open different nests at 
different periods of the winter. In the 
autumn, the nest contained five hundred 
or more eggs. These eggs hatched in early 
winter but it seemed foreordained that 
some of the little spiders were bom to 
serve as food for their stronger brethren. 
They seemed resigned to their fate, for 
when one* of these victims was seized by 
its cannibalistic brother, it curled up its 
legs and submitted meekly. The result of 
this process was that, out of the five hun- 
dred little spiders hatched from the eggs, 
only a few healthy and apparently happy 
young spiders emerged from the nest in 
the spring, sustained by the nourishment 
afforded them by their own family, and 
fitted for their life in the outside world. 

Some spiders make a nest for their eggs 
within folded leaves, and some build them 
in crevices of rocks and boards. 

The running spiders, which are the large 




H 




The nest of Ariadna, a long, slender tube of 
silk in a crack in a wood block 



Ward's Natural Science Establishment, Inc. 

The trap-door spider and her nest. The 
spider digs a tunnel in the ground, coats the 
iDalls with earth and saliva, and then spins a 
lining of silk. The hinged door is a continua- 
tion of the walls with the outer surface cov- 
ered with earth 

ones found under stones, make globular 
egg-sacs; the mother spider drags after her 
this egg-sac attached to her spinnerets; the 
young, when they hatch, climb upon their 
mother's back, and there remain for a time. 
SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
page 437. 

LESSON 116 
THE NESTS OF SPIDERS 

LEADING THOUGHT The spider moth- 
ers have many interesting ways of protect- 



INVERTEBRATES 



1. WATER SPIDER, Lycosa. This is one oj 

very few spiders that frequent the water, 

2. HOUSE CENTIPEDE, Scutigera. Each seg- 
ment of the flattened body of this centipede 
bears a single pair of very long legs. 

3. SCORPION, Scorpionida. A scorpion is 
characterized by a long, slender, flattened 
body which ends in a curved, venomous 
stinger. The sting causes much pain but is 
seldom if ever fatal to man. 

4. MILLIPEDE, Spirobolus. These animals 
live in damp places and feed chiefly on de- 
caying matter. 

5. WATER Sow BUG, Asellus. In the decay- 
ing vegetation and bottom trash of stagnant, 
shallow water, one often finds these flattened 
crustaceans. 

6 and 8. FAIRY SHRIMPS, Eubranchipus. 

These crustaceans always swim on their 
backs; they are about one inch long. 

7. TADPOLE SHRIMP, Apus. This near rela- 
tive of the fairy shrimp is an aquatic animal 
It is shield-shaped like the horseshoe crab. 

9. DOG LOUSE, Linognathus piliferus. This 
is the common louse of dogs ; to the casual ob- 
server it could not be distinguished from the 
lice which infest other animals. 

10. SCUD, Gammanis, In the eastern United 
States, these may be found the year round in 
streams or ponds. 

11. WATER FLEA, Daphnia. Daphnia is one 

of the many kinds of crustaceans called water 
fleas. They are us-ually found in quiet water 
where they feed on algce. Water fleas are an 
important source of food for fish and aquatic 

insects. 

12. Pleurocera. This mollusk is found in 
great variety and abundance in rivers in the 
eastern United States from the Great Lakes 
south. 

13. COPEPOD, Cyclops. Cyclops represents 
a group of tiny crustaceans known as cope- 
pods. 

14. FRESH-WATER LIMPET, Ancylus. These 
snails are generally distributed; they live in 
streams as well as in quiet water. 



15. Gonipbasis. Full grown fresh-water 
snails of this species are 1% inches long ; they 
are found in rapid currents as well as among 
plant growth of quiet waters. 

16. Vivipara. These snails may reach a 
length of 2 inches; they are found on the 
muddy bottoms of streams and lakes. 

17. WHEEL SNAILS, Helisoma (Planorbis). 
The shell is coiled in a flat spiral with a 
sunken center. 

13. Campeloma. This snail is found from 
the St. Lawrence River to the Gulf of Mexico. 
The young are born alive. 

19. Valvata. This small, widely distributed 
snail exists in great numbers in both deep and 
shallow water. 

20. Bythinia. This European snail has been 
introduced, by the operations of commerce, 
into the Hudson River and the Great Lakes 
region. 

21. Amnicola. On sandy bottoms and 
among water vegetation, these snails are 
widely distributed in shallow water. 

22. Paludestrina. These tiny snails, about 
one-sixth of an inch long, are distributed from 
the Atlantic to the Pacific in fresh water. 

23. COMMON POND SNAIL, Lymnaea. This 
snail represents a widely distributed group of 
common snails which differ greatly in size; 
they form an important item in the food of 
water birds, fishes, and frogs. 

24. POUCH SNAIL, Physa. Pouch snails are 
remarkably active. In color and shape they 
vary so greatly that it is often difficult to 
identify them. They are interesting to observe 
and may be kept easily in an aquarium. 

25. FINGERNAIL CLAM, Sphserium. These 
small white mussels are about half an inch 
long; they are widely distributed, being 
found in the fresh water of almost any pond, 
stream, or lake. 

26. PAPER-SHELL MUSSEL, Anodonta. The 
shell of this mail is thin, usually smooth, and 
often marked by concentric rings. They are 
found from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean, 




ANIMALS 



The egg-sac of one of the orb weavers. It is 
made in the autumn and contains 500 or more 
eggs. The eggs hatch early in the winter but 

no spiders emerge until spring. During the 
winter the stronger spiders calmly ^ devour 

their weaker brothers, and in the spring those 
which survive emerge well nourished to fight 
their battles in the outside world 



ing their eggs, w T hich they envelop in 
silken sacs and place in safety. 

METHOD Ask the pupils to bring in 
all the spider egg-sacs that they can find. 
Keep some of them unopened, and open 
others of the same kind, and thus discover 
how many eggs are in the sac and how 
many spid'erlings come out. This is a good 
lesson for September and October. 

OBSERVATIONS i. In what situation 
did you find the nest? How was it pro- 
tected from rain and snow? To what was 
it attached? 

2. Of what texture is the outside of the 
sac? Is the outside made of waterproof 
silk? What is the texture of the lining? 

3. How many eggs in this sac? What is 
the color of the eggs? When do the spi- 
derlings hatch? Do as many spiders come 
out of the sac as there were eggs? Why is 
this? 



PART III 
PLANTS 



HO\X 7 TO BEGIN THE STUDY OF PLANTS 
AND THEJR FLOWERS 




Mountain laurel 



W. C. Muenscher 



The only right way to begin plant study 
with young children is through awaken- 
ing their interest in and love for flowers. 
Most children love flowers naturally; they 
enjoy bringing flowers to school, and here, 
by teaching the recognition of flowers by 
name, may be begun this delightful study. 
This should be done naturally and in- 
formally. The teacher may say: " Thank 
you, John, for this bouquet. Why ? here 
is a pansy, a bachelor's button, a larkspur, 
and a poppy/ 7 Or, " Julia has brought me 
a beautiful flower. What is its name, I 
wonder? " Then may follow a little dis- 
cussion, which the teacher leads to the 
proper conclusion. If this course is con- 
sistently followed, the children will learn 
the names of the common flowers of 
wood, field, and garden, and never realize 
that they are studying anything. 



The next step is to inspire the child with 
a desire to care for and preserve his bou- 
quet. The posies brought in the perspiring 
little hand may be wilted and look de- 
jected; ask their owner to place the stems 
in water, and call attention to the way 
they lift their drooping heads. Parents and 
teachers should very early inculcate in 
children this respect for the flowers which 
they gather; no matter how tired the child 
or how disinclined to further effort, when 
he returns from the woods or fields or 
garden with plucked flowers, he should be 
made to place their stems in water im- 
mediately. This is a lesson in duty as well 
as in plant study. Attention to the be- 
havior of the thirsty flowers may be gained 
by asking the following questions: 

i. When a plant is wilted how does 
it look? How does its stem act? Do its 




PLANTS 



Columbine^ Aquilegia 

leaves stand up? What happens to the 
flowers? 

2. Place the cut end of the stem in 
water and look at it occasionally during 
an hour; describe what happens to the 
stern, the leaves, the blossom. 

SOME NEEDS OF PLANTS 

Another step in plant study comes natu- 
rally from planting the seeds in window- 
boxes or garden. This may be done in 
the kindergarten or in the primary grades. 
As soon as the children have had some ex- 
perience in the growing of flowers, they 
should conduct some experiments which 
will teach them about the needs of plants. 
These experiments are fit for the work of 
the second or third grade. Uncle John 
says, "All plants want to grow; all they 
ask is that they shall be made comforta- 
ble." The following experiments should 
be made vital and full of interest, by im- 
pressing upon the children that through 
them they will learn to give their plants 
what they need for growth, 

EXPERIMENT i. To find out in what 
kind of soil plants grow best Have the 
children of a class, or individuals repre- 
senting a class, prepare four little pots or 
boxes, as follows: Fill one with rich, 
woods humus, or with potting earth from 
a florist's; another with poor, hard soil, 
which may be found near excavations; an- 
other with clean sand; another with saw- 
dust. Plant the same kind of seeds in all 
four, and place them where they will get 



plenty of light. It is best to select seeds 
that germinate quickly, such as beans, 
radishes, lettuce, or calendula. Water 
them as often as needful. Note which 
plants grow the best. This trial should 
cover six weeks at least and attention 
should now and then be called to the rela- 
tive growth of the plants. 

EXPERIMENT 2. To prove that plants 
need light in order to grow Fill two pots 
with the same rich soil; plant in these the 
same kind of seeds. Keep the soil moist; 
place one pot in the window and place the 
other in a dark closet or under a box, and 
note what happens; in which pot do the 
plants have the more normal growth? 
Or take two potted geraniums which look 
equally thrifty; keep one in the light and 
the other in darkness. What happens? 

EXPERIMENT 3. To show that the leaves 
turn toward light Place a geranium in 
a window and let it remain in the same 
position for two weeks. Which way do 
all the leaves face? Turn it around, and 
note w T hat the leaves have done after a few 
days. 

EXPERIMENT 4. To show that plants 
need water Fill three pots with rich 
earth, plant the same kind of seeds in 
each, and place them all in the same 
window. Give one water sufficient to keep 




Eva L. Gordon 

A terrarium. This glass box with a hinged 
lid is easily made of six pieces of glass and 
some adhesive tape. When some soil is placed 
in such a box, various plants can be grown, 
and many kinds of insects,, reptiles, or am- 
phibians will be perfectly at home there 



HOW TO BEGIN PLANT STUDY 



455 



the soil moist, keep another flooded with 
water, and give the other none at all. 
What happens to the seeds in the three 
pots? 

The success of these four experiments 
depends chiefly upon the genius of the 
teacher. The interest in the results should 
be keen; even- child should feel that every 
seed planted is a living thing and that it 
is struggling to grow; even* look at the ex- 
periments should be like another chapter 
in a continued story. 

The explanations of these experiments 
should be simple, with no attempt to 
teach the details of plant physiology. The 
need of plants for rich, loose earth and 
for water is easily understood by the chil- 
dren; but the need for light is not so ap- 
parent, and Uncle John's story of the 
starch factory 7 is the most simple and 
graphic way of making known to the chil- 
dren the processes of plant nourishment. 
He tells us that plants are like us; they 
have to have food to make them grow 7 ; 
w r here is the food and how do they find 
it? Every green leaf is a factory to make 
food for the plant; the green pulp in the 




Eel grass, Vallisneria. A quiet-water plant, 
eel grass produces its male flowers under 
water; its female flowers bloom at the top. 
When mature, the male flowers float to the 
surface, where pollination occurs; the female 
flowers are then retracted to mature the 
fruits under water. This plant is the favorite 
food of canvas-back ducks 




W. C. Muenscher 



Gray or old field birch. Although these 
birches grow in clumps, several trunks from 
a common root, observe that the trunks soon 
separate widely, thus providing abundant 
light for the leaves 

leaf is the machinery; the leaves get the 
raw materials from the sap and from 
the air ? and the machinery unites them 
and makes them into plant food. This is 
mostly starch, for this is the chief food of 
plants, although they require some other 
kinds of food also. The machinery is run 
by sunshine-power, so the leaf-factory can 
make nothing without the aid of light; the 
leaf-factories begin to work as the sun 
rises, and stop working when it sets. But 
the starch has to be changed to sugar be- 
fore the plant can use it for nourishment 
and growth; and so the leaves, after mak- 
ing the starch from the sap and the air, 
are obliged to digest it, changing the 
starch to sugar; for the growing parts of 
the plant feed upon sweet sap. Although 
the starch-factory in the leaves can work 
only during the daytime, the leaves can 
change the starch to sugar during the 
night. So far as we know, there is no starch 



456 



PLANTS 




A flower with the parts named 

in the whole world which is not made in 
the leaf-factories. 

This story should be told and repeated 
often, until the children realize the work 
done by leaves for the plants and their 
need of light. 

The clouds are at play in the azure space 
And their shadows at play on the bright 

green vale. 
And here they stretch to the frolic chase; 

And there they roll on tlie easy gale. 

There's a dance of leaves in that aspen 

bower, 
There's a titter of winds in that beechen 

tree, 
There's a smile on the fruit and a smile 

on the flower, 
And a laugh from the brook that runs to 

the sea. 

BRYANT 

How TO TEACH THE NAMES OF THE PARTS 
OF A FLOWER AND OF THE PLANT 

The scientific names given to the parts 
of plants have been the stumbling block 
to many teachers, and yet this part of 
plant study should be easily accomplished. 
First of all, the teacher should have in 
mind clearly the names of the parts which 
she wishes to teach; the illustrations here 
given are for her convenience. When talk- 



ing with the pupils about flowers let her 
use these names naturally: 

" See how many geraniums we have; 
the corolla of this one is red and of that 
one is pink. The red corolla has fourteen 
petals and the pink one only five/' etc. 

" This arbutus which James brought has 
a pretty little pink bell for a corolla." 

" The purple trillium has a purple co- 
rolla, the white trillium a white corolla; 
and both have green sepals/' 

The points to be borne in mind are 
that children like to call things by their 
names because they are real names, and 
they also like to use " grownup " names 
for things; but they do not like to commit 
to memory names which to them are 
meaningless. Circumlocution is a waste of 
breath; calling a petal a " leaf of a flower " 
or the petiole " the stem of a leaf/' is like 
calling a boy's arm " the projecting part 
of James's body " or Molly's golden hair 
" the yellow top " to her head. All the 
names should be taught gradually by con- 
stant unemphasized use on the part of 
the teacher; and if the child does not 
learn the names naturally then do not 
make him do it unnaturally. 

The lesson on the garden or horseshoe 
geranium with single flowers may be given 
first in teaching the structure of a flower, 
since the geranium blossom is simple and 
easily understood. 




A flower with petals united forming a tube, 
and with sepals likewise united 



HOW TO BEGIN PLANT STUDY 
TEACH THE USE OF THE FLOWER 

From first to last the children should 
be taught that the object of the flower is 
to develop seed. They should look eagerly 
into the maturing flower for the growing 
fruit. Poetry is full of the sadness of the 
fading flower, whereas rightly it should 
be the gladness of the flower that fades, 
because its work is done for the precious 
seed at its heart. The whole attention of 
the child should be fixed upon the de- 
veloping fruit instead of the fading and 
falling petals. 

In all places then and in all seasons, 
Flowers expand their light and soul-like 

wings, 

Teaching us by most persuasive reasons, 
How aHn they are to human things. 
LONGFELLOW 

FLOWER AND INSECT PARTNERS 

It is undoubtedly true that the proc- 
esses of cross-pollination and the compli- 
cated devices of flowers for insuring it 
can only be well taught to older pupils 
and only fully understood in the college 
laboratory; yet there are a few simple facts 
which even the young child may know, as 
follows: 





WdrfL 



Stipules 



A leaf with parts named 



A hawk moth or sphinx. A moth may carry 
pollen from one flower to another 

1. Pollen is needed to make most seeds 
form; some flowers need the pollen from 
other flowers of the same kind to produce 
their seeds; but many flowers use the pol- 
len from their own flowers to pollinate 
their ovules, which grow into seeds. 

2. Flowers have neither legs like some 
animals, nor have the}- wings like butter- 
flies, therefore they cannot go after pollen; 
in seeking food and drink from flowers 
insects carry pollen from one flower to 
another. 

I taught this to a four-year-old once in 
the following manner: A pine tree in the 
yard was sifting its pollen over us and 
little Jack asked what the yellow dust was; 
we went to the tree and saw where it 
came from, and then I found a tiny young 
cone and explained to him that this was 
a pine blossom, and that in order to be- 
come a cone with seeds, it must have some 
pollen fall upon it. We saw that the wind 
sifted the pollen over it and then we ex- 
amined a ripe cone and found the seeds. 
Then we looked at the clovers in the lawn. 
They did not have so much pollen and 
they were so low in the grass that the 
wind could not carry it for them; but right 
there was a bee. What was she doing? She 
was getting honey for her hive or pollen 



PLANTS 




THE RELATION OF PLANTS 
TO GEOGRAPHY 



A skipper visiting flowering heads of English 
plantain 



for her brood, and she went from one 
clover head to another; we caught her in 
a glass fruit jar, and found she was dusted 
with pollen and that she had pollen 
packed in the baskets on her hind legs; 
and we concluded that she carried plenty 
of pollen on her clothes for the clovers ? 
and that the pollen in her baskets was for 
her own use. After that he was always 
watching the bees at work. We found 
afterwards, that insects seem to be called 
to the flowers by color or by fragrance, or 
by both of these means. The dandelion 
we watched was very bright and the in- 
sects were busy there; then we found bees 
working on mignonette whose blossoms 
were so small that Jack did not think they 
were blossoms at all, and we concluded 
that in this case the bees were attracted by 
fragrance. We found other flowers which 
attracted bees by both color and fragrance; 
and this insect-flower partnership re- 
mained a factor of great interest in the 
child's mind. 



There should be from first to last a 
steady growth in the intelligence of the 
child as to the places where certain plants 
grow. He finds hepaticas and trilliums in 
the woods, daisies and buttercups in the 
sunny fields, mullein on the dry hillsides, 
cattails in the s\vamp 7 and water lilies 
floating on the pond. This may all be 
taught by simply asking the pupils ques- 
tions relating to the soil and the special 
conditions of the locality where they 
found the flowers they bring to school. 

SEED GERMINATION 

In the early days of nature-study, this 
one feature of plant life came near " gob- 
bling up " all of nature-study, and yet it 
is merely an incident in the growth of the 
plant. To sprout seeds is absurd as an 
object in itself; it is incidental as is the 
breaking of the egg-shell to the study of 
the chicken. The peeping into a seed like 
a bean or a pea to see that the plant is 
really there, with food material for its 




"W. P. Alexander 

Early saxifrage. This spring flower is at 
home on exposed rocks and dry hillsides 



HOW TO BEGIN PLANT STUDY 



future growth packed all around It, Is In- 
teresting to the child. To watch the little 
plant develop, to study Its seed leaves and 
what becomes of them, to know that they 
give the plant Its first food and to know 
how a young plant looks and acts, are all 
items of legitimate interest In the study 
of the life of a plant; in fact the struggle 
of the little plant to get free from its seed 
coats may be a truly dramatic story. But 
to regard this feature as the chief object 
of planting seed Is manifestly absurd. 

The object of planting any seed should 
be to rear a plant which shall fulfill its 
whole duty and produce other seed. The 
following observations regarding the ger- 
mination of seeds should be made while 
the children are eagerly watching the com- 
ing of the plants in their gardens or win- 
dow-boxes: 

1. Which comes out of the seed first, 
the root or the shoot and leaves? Which 
way does the root grow ? up or down? 
Which way do the leaves grow, no matter 
which side up the seed is planted? 

2. How do the seed leaves get out of 
the seed coat, or shell? How do the seed 
leaves differ in form from the leaves which 
come later? What becomes of the seed 
leaves after the young plant begins to 
grow? 

SUGGESTED READING The Book of 
Plants, by Bertha M. Parker and Henry C. 
Cowles; Discovering Our World, by Wil- 
bur L. Beauchamp and Ca-authois, Book 
i; First Studies of Plant Life, by George 
Francis Atkinson; The Flyaways and 
Other Seed Travelers, by Francis M. 
Fultz; How to Know the Wild Fruits, by 
Maude G. Peterson; Nature by Seaside 
and Wayside, by Mary G. Phillips and 




Egg-shell experiment farm. The plants 
from left to right: cabbage, field corn, pop- 
corn, wheat, buckwheat 

Julia M. Wright, Book 3, Plants and Ani- 
mals, Book 4,, Our Earth and Its Life; 
Nature and Science Readers, by Edith M. 
Patch and Harrison E. Howe, Book 6, The 
Work of Scientists; Nature Stories for 
Children, by Nora B. Albright, Eva L. 
Gordon, and Jennie Hall, Spring, Autumn, 
and Books i and 2; Plants and Their 
Children, by Mrs. William Starr Dana 
(Frances Theodora Parsons); Plants Use- 
ful to Man, by Wilfred W. Robblns and 
Francis Ramaley; Science of Plant Life, by 
Edgar N. Transeau; Science Stories, by 
Wilbur L. Beauchamp and Co-authors, 
Books i, 2, and 3; Useful Wild Plants of 
the United States and Canada, by Charles 
F. Saunders; Wild Flowers and Ferns in 
Their Homes and in Our Gardens, by 
Herbert Durand. Additional references are 
to be found in the bibliography in the 
back of this Handbook, under various 
headings: Plant Life, Nature-study in 
General, Textbooks and Readers, Nature 
Poetry, Magazines and Periodicals, Books 
for Parents and Teachers. 



WILD FLOWERS 



Because of their beauty and scientific 
value, special need exists for the protection 
of our native wild flowers and shrubs. It 
is understandable that these uncultivated 




O. L. Foster 



Spring beauty 



plants should attract the visitor, but in 
too many Instances he is not satisfied to 
enjoy their beauty as they exist in their 
natural habitats. All too frequently he 
picks flowers in large numbers, only to dis- 
card them faded and wilted a few hours 
later. Often valuable plants are dug out 
or pulled up by their roots, probably with 
the idea that these flowers or shrubs would 
have the same beauty in a garden as in the 
woods or fields \vhere they grow naturally. 
Such practices are to be discouraged. In 
the first place, wild flo\vers are almost al- 
ways most attractive in their natural sur- 
roundings. Furthermore the transplanting 
of flowers and shrubs from woods or 
swamps to a cultivated garden is a delicate 
operation, and there is very little likeli- 
hood of its being accomplished success- 
fully. 
Extensive removal of these plants 



whether from field, marsh, or woods is 
likely to bring about the extinction of 
certain species and from both scientific 
and aesthetic standpoints this is highly 
unfortunate. 

The malicious destruction of flowering 
plants should^ of course, not be allowed. 
Some plants are so rare, or otherwise in 
danger of extinction, that state law T s have 
been enacted w r hich protect them. For 
example in New York State, trailing ar- 
butus, flow r ering dogwood, fringed gen- 
tian, pink lady's-slipper, yellow lady's-slip- 
per ? and mountain laurel are protected by 
law. 

Some flowers are so abundant that they 
can be picked in moderation if the roots 
are not disturbed, if plenty of flowers are 
left for seed, and if the plant itself is not 
taken with the flo\ver. Trilliums, for ex- 
ample, cannot be picked without seriously 
harming the plant, for the food-producing 
leaves and stem are taken with the fiWer. 
Everyone should have the privilege of en- 




O. L. Foster 

Cut-leaved toothwort or pepper-root 



WILD FLOWERS 



joying the natural beauty of the country- 
side. Such enjoyment is impossible if "a 
relatively small number of people insist 
upon picking and destroying native plants 
for their own selfish interests. 

SUGGESTED READING Book of Wild 
Flowers for Young People, by F. Schuyler 
Mathews; Field Book of American Wild 
Flowers, by F. Schuyler Mathews; The 
Flower Finder, by George L. Walton; 
Flower Guide: Wild Flowers East of the 
Rockies, by Chester A. Reed; A Guide 
to the Wild Flowers, by Alice Lounsberry; 
A Guide to the Wild Flowers East of the 



461 



Mississippi and North of Virginia, by 
Norman Taylor; How to Know the Wild 
Flowers, and According to Season, both by 
Mrs. William Starr Dana (Frances Theo- 
dora Parsons); My Wild Flower Garden, 
by Herbert Durand; Flowers of the Wild: 
Their Culture and Requirements, by 
Frank C. Pellctt; National Geographic 
Book of Wild Flowers, by E. J. Showalter; 
Our Early Wild Flowers, The Wayside 
Flowers of Summer, Our Northern Au- 
tumn, all by Harriet L. Keeler; Wild 
Flowers, by Homer D. House; also, read- 
ings on page 459. 



THE HEPATICA 

The wise men say the hepatica flower has no petals but has pinic, white or pur- 
ple sepals instead: and they say, too, that the three leaflets of the cup which holds 
the flower are not sepals but are bracts; and they offer as proof the fact that they do not 
grow close to the blossom, but are placed a little way down the stem. But the hepatica 
does not care what names the wise men give to the parts of its blossom: it says as plainly 
as if it could talk: " The bees do not care whether they are sepals or petals since they are 
pretty in color, and show where the pollen is to be found. I will teach the world that 
bracts are just as good to wrap around flower-buds as are sepals, and that sepals may be 
just as beautiful as petals. Since my petticoat is pretty enough for a dress why should 
not I wear it thus? " " THE CHILD'S OWN BOOK OF WELD FLOWERS ?&gt; 



We seek the hepatica in its own haunts, 
because there is a longing for spring in 
our hearts that awakens with the first 
warm sunshine. As we thread our way into 
sodden woods, avoiding the streams and 
puddles which are little glacial rivers and 
lakes, having their sources in the snow- 
drifts still heaped on the north side of 
things, we look eagerly for signs of return- 
ing life. Our eyes slowly distinguish among 
the various shades of brown in the floor 
of the forest, a bit of pale blue or pink- 
purple that at first seems like an optical il- 
lusion; but as we look again to make sure, 
lo! it is the hepatica, lifting its delicate 
blossoms above its mass of purple-brown 
leaves. These leaves, moreover, are always 
beautiful in shape and color and suggest 
patterns for sculpture like the acanthus, 
or for rich tapestries like the palm leaf in 
the Orient. It warms the heart to see these 
brave little flowers stand with their faces 



to the sun and their backs to the snow- 
drifts, looking out on a gray-brown world, 
nodding to it and calling it good. 

In the spring, new leaves may appear 
very soon after the flowers; these leaves 
are present until the following spring. The 
hepatica flowers are white, pink, and lav- 
ender; the latter are sometimes called 
" blue." The colored floral parts, so-called 
petals, are in reality all sepals and often 
vary in number, from six to twelve. On 
dark days and during the night, the young 
blossoms close; but when they become old 
and faded they remain open all the time. 

There are many stamens with greenish 
white anthers and pollen. They stand erect 
around the many pistils at the center of 
the flower. The number of pistils varies 
from six to twenty-four. Each holds 
aloft the little horseshoe-shaped, whitish 
stigma, which if pollinated usually de- 
velops into a fruit. The hepatica is a per- 




PLANTS 

neath and mottled green and purple 
above, making beautiful subjects for water 
color drawings. The new hepatica leaves 
are put forth in the spring, before the 
leaves appear on the trees. The roots are 
quite numerous and fine. 

LESSON 117 
THE HEPATICA 

LEADING THOUGHT The hepatica 
flower buds are developed in the fall, and 
are ready to blossom early in the spring. 
This plant thrives best in moist and shady 
woods. 

METHOD The pupils should have the 
questions before they go into the woods 



Hepaticas 

ennial, and its natural habitat is rich, moist 
woods. While it is adapted to the shade 
of woods, it can be successfully trans- 
planted to suitable situations in lawns and 
gardens. The leaves which have passed the 
winter under the snow are rich purple be- 





Robert Conn 

Hepaticas in natural surroundings 



Evelyn Mitchell 

Embroidery design jrom the hepatica 

to observe spring flowers^ and should an- 
swer them individually. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where do you find 
the hepaticas? Do you ever find them in 
the open fields? Do you ever find them 
in the pine woods? 

2. How do the leaves look in early 
spring? Sketch in color one of these old 
leaves. How do the young leaves look? Are 
the leaves that come up late in the spring 
as fuzzy as those that appear early? What 
is the difference in texture and color be- 
tween the leaves that remained over win- 
ter and those that appear in the spring? 

3. Find a hepatica plant before it be- 



WILD FLOWERS 



463 



gins to blossom. Look, if possible, at its Turn back the three sepal-like bracts and 

ffaTrr r**n$~&gt;'T T l&lt;ae/"'Tn rvxa 4-1-11 ,arn=i 1 * 4-4.1 /&gt; -fl *v .**.. -~^._ J_l . . Jt_TL _ _ t . f t n * 



very center. Describe these little lower 
buds. 

4. How does the bud look when it be- 
gins to lift up? Describe the stems and 
the little bracts that hold the bud. 

5. Are the hepaticas in your woods all 
pink, or blue, or white? Do those which 
are at first pink or blue fade to white later? 
Do the blossoms keep open during the 
night and in stormy weather? Are they all 
fragrant? 

6. How many sepals has your hepatica? 



see that they are not a part of the flower at 
all but Join the stem below the flower. 

7. Describe the stamens in the hepatica. 
How many pistils are there? Does each 
pistil develop into a fruit? 

8. What insects do you find visiting the 
hepaticas? 

9. Describe a hepatica plant in the 
woods; mark it so that you will know it, 
and visit it occasionally during the sum- 
mer and autumn, noting what happens 
to it. 



THE YELLOW ADDER'S-TONGUE 

Once a prize was offered to a child if she would find two leaves of the adder's tongue 
that were marked exactly alike: and she sought long and faithfully, but the only prize she 
won was a lesson in Nature's book of variations, where no two leaves of any plant, shrub 
or tree are exactly alike: for even if they seemed so to our eyes, yet there would exist in 
them differences of strength and growth too subtle for ns to detect. But this child was 
slow in learning this great fact, and, until she was a woman, the adder Ytongue leaves, 
so beautifully embroidered with purple and green, were to her a miracle, revealing the 
infinite diversity of Nature's patterns. 

" THE CHILD'S OWN BOOK OF WHJD FLOWERS " 



This little lily of the woods is a fasci- 
nating plant. Its leaves of pale green mot- 
tled with brownish purple often cover 
closely large irregular areas in the rich soil 
of our woodlands and it is sometimes 
found in open fields; yet I doubt if the 
underground story of these forest rugs is 
often thought of. The leaves are twins, 
and to the one who plucks them care- 
lessly they seem to come from one slen- 
der stem. It requires muscle as well as 
decision of character to follow this weak 
stem down several inches, by digging 
around it ? until we find the corm at 
its base, A corm is the swollen base of a 
stem and is bulblike in form; but it is not 
made up of layers, as is a bulb. It is a store- 
house for food and also a means of spread- 
ing the species; for from the conns there 
grow little corms called cormels ? and each 
cormel develops a separate plant. This un- 
derground method of reproduction is the 
secret of why the leaves of the adder's- 
tongue appear in patches, closely crowded 
together. 



Only a few of the plants in a " patch " 
produce flowers, and it is interesting to 
see how cleverly these lily bells hide from 
the casual eye. Like many of the lilies, the 
three sepals are petal-like and are identi- 
fied as sepals only by their outside posi- 
tion, although they are thicker in texture. 




W. P. Alexander 

Adder' s-tongue or dog's-tooth violet 



464 PLANTS 

They are purplish brown outside, which 
makes the flower inconspicuous as we look 
down upon it; on the inner side, they are 
a pure yellow, spotted with darker yellow 

near where they join the stem. The three 
petals are pure yellow, paler outside than 
in, and they have dark spots like the tiger 
lilies near the heart of the flower; and 



flower closes nights and during cloudy, 
stormy days. The seed capsule is plump 
and rather triangular, and splits into three 
sections when ripe. The seeds are numer- 
ous and are fleshy and crescent-shaped. 

But the adderVtongue, like many other 
early blooming flowers, is a child of the 
spring. The leaves, at first so prettily mot- 




Addefs-tongue going to seed 



Verne Morton 



where they join the stem, each has on each 
side an ear-shaped lobe. 

The open flow r er is bell-shaped; and like 
other bells it has a clapper, or tongue. This 
is formed by six downward-hanging sta- 
mens, the yellow filaments of which have 
broad bases and taper to points where the 
oblong anthers join them. The anthers 
are red or yellow. It is this stamen clap- 
per that the visiting insects cling to when 
probing upward for nectar from this 
flower at the upper end of the bell. The 
pale green pistil is somewhat three-sided, 
and the long style remains attached long 
after the flower disappears. The flower is 
slightly fragrant, and it is visited by the 
queen bumblebees and the solitary bees ? 
of which there are many species. The 



tied, fade out to plain green; and by mid- 
summer they have entirely disappeared, 
the place where they were being covered 
with other foliage of far different pattern. 
But down in the rich woods soil are the 
plump globular corms filled with the food 
manufactured by the spotted leaves during 
their brief stay,, and next spring two pairs of 
spotted leaves may appear where there was 
but one pair this year. 

LESSON 118 

ADDER'S-TONGUE OR DOG'S-TOOTH 
VIOLET 

LEADING THOUGHT The adder's- 
tongue is a lily, and its mottled leaves 
appear in the spring, each pair coming 



WILD FLOWERS 



from a corm deep in the soil below. It has 
two ways of spreading, one underground 
by means of new corms growing from the 
larger ones, and the other by means of 
seeds, many of which are probably per- 
fected through the pollen carried by in- 
sects. 

METHOD This plant should be studied 
in the woods ? notes being made on it there. 
But a plant showing corm, roots, leaves, 
and blossom may be brought to the 
schoolhouse for detailed study, and then 
planted in a shady place in the school 
garden. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Where does the ad- 
der Vtongue grow? Do you ever find it in 
open fields? How early do you find its 
leaves above ground? At what time do its 
blossoms appear? 

2. How many leaves has each plant? 
What colors do you find in them? What 
is the color of their petioles? Do the leaves 
remain mottled later in the season? 

3. Do the adder Vtongue plants occur 
singly or in patches? 

4. Is the flower lifted up, or is it droop- 
ing? What is its general shape? How 7 many 
sepals? How would you know they were 
sepals? How do they differ in- color, out- , 
side and in, from the petals? How are the 
petals marked? Can you see the lobes at 
the base of each petal? When sepals and 
petals are so much alike the botanists call 
them all together the perianth. 

5. If the perianth, or the sepals and 
petals together, makes a bell-shaped flower, 
what makes the clapper to the bell? How 
do the insects use this clapper when they 




Adder' s-tongue in natural surroundings 

visit the flower? Do the flowers stay open 
nights and dark days? 

6. How many stamens are there? De- 
scribe or sketch one, noting its peculiar 
shape. Are the stamens all the same 
length? Can you see the pistil and its 
stigma? Where is it situated in relation to 
the stamens? Do you think the stigma is 
ready for pollen at the time the anthers 
are shedding it? 

7. After the petals and sepals fall what 
remains? How does the ripe seed capsule 
look? How does it open to let out the 
seeds? Are there many seeds in a capsule? 
What is the shape of the seeds of this 
plant? 



PLANTS 




Verne Morton 



BLOODROOT 

What time the earliest ferns unfold, 

And meadow cowslips count their gold; 

A countless multitude they stood, 

A Milky Way within the wood. DANSKE DANDRIDGE 



Only a few generations ago, this land 
of ours was peopled by those who found it 
fitting to paint their bodies to represent 
their mental or spiritual conditions or in- 
tentions. For this purpose they had stud- 
ied the plants of our forests to learn the 
secrets of the dyes which they yielded, 
and a dye that would remain on the flesh 
permanently, or until it wore off, was 
highly prized. Such a dye was found in the 
bloodroot, a dye appropriate in its color to 
represent a thirst for blood; with it they 
made their war paint, and with it they 
ornamented their tomahawks to symbolize 
their sanguinary purpose. 

The Indian warriors have passed away 
from our forests, and the forests them- 
selves are passing away, but the bloodroot 
still lingers, growing abundantly in rich 
moist woods or in shaded areas in glades, 
borders of meadows, and fence corners. 
Its beautiful white flowers, open to the 



morning sun in early April, attract the 
hungry bees which come for pollen; for, 
like many other early flowers, it offers no 
nectar. Probably many of the little wild 
bees prefer pollen to nectar at this time of 
year, for it is an important element in the 
food of all kinds of bee brood. But the 
bloodroot's fragile blossoms are elusive 
and do not remain long; like their relatives, 
the poppies, their petals soon fall, and 
their white masses disappear like the snow- 
drifts which so recently occupied the same 
nooks. 

The way the bloodroot leaf enfolds the 
flower bud seems like such an obvious 
plan for protection, that we are unthink- 
ingly prone to attribute consciousness to 
the little plants. 

Not only does the leaf enfold the bud, 
but it continues to enfold the flowerstalk 
after the blossom opens. There are two 
sepals which enclose the bud, but fall off 



WILD FLOWERS 



as the flower opens. There are ordinarily 
eight white petals, although there may be 
twelve; usually every other one of the eight 
petals is longer than its neighbors, and 
this makes the blossom rather square than 
circular in outline. There are many sta- 
mens, often twenty-four, and the anthers 
are brilliant yellow with whitish filaments. 
The two-lobed stigma opens to receive 
pollen before the pollen of its own flower 
is ripe. The stigma is large, yellow, and set 
directly on the ovary, and is quite notice- 
able in the freshly opened blossoms. It is 
likely to shrivel before its homegrown pol- 
len is ripe. The blossoms open wide on 
sunny mornings; the petals rise up in the 
afternoon and close at night, and also re- 
main closed during dark, stormy days un- 
til they are quite old, when they remain 
open; they are now ready to fall to the 
ground at the slightest jar, leaving the ob- 
long, green seed pod set on the stem at a 
neat bevel, and perhaps still crowned with 
the yellowish stigma. The seed pod is ob- 
long and pointed and remains below the 
protecting leaf. There are many yellowish 
or brownish seeds. 

When the plant appears above ground, 
the leaf is wrapped in a cylinder about the 
bud, and it is a very pretty leaf., especially 
the " wrong side/' which forms the out- 
side of the roll; it is pale green with a net- 
work of pinkish veins, and its edges are 
attractively lobed; the petiole is fleshy ? 
stout, and reddish amber in color. The 
flowerstalk is likewise fleshy and is tinged 
with raw sienna; the stalks of both leaf 
and flower stand side by side. After the 
petals of the flower have fallen, the leaf 
grows much larger, often measuring six 
inches across and having a petiole ten 
inches long. It is then one of the most 
beautiful leaves in the forest carpet, its 
circular form and deeply lobed edges 
rendering it a fit subject for decorative 
design. 

The rootstock is large and fleshy, and In 
it is stored the food which enables the 
flower to blossom early, before any food 
has been made by the new leaves. There 
are many stout and rather short roots 
that fringe tibe rootstock. Once in clear- 




O. L, Foster 

Bloodroot 3 showing leaf not yet unrolled 

ing a path through a woodland, we hap- 
pened to hack off a mass of these root- 
stocks, and we stood aghast at the gory 
results. We had admired the bloodroot 
flowers in this place in the spring, and we 
felt as guilty as if we had inadvertently 
hacked into a friend. 



LESSON 119 
BLOODROOT 

LEADING THOUGHT - The bloodroot 
has a fleshy rootstock, in which is stored 
food for the nourishment of the plant in 
early spring. The flower bud is at first pro- 
tected by the folded leaf. The juice of the 
rootstock is a vivid light crimson, and was 
used by Indians as a war paint. The juice 
is acrid, and the bloodroot is not relished 
as food by grazing animals, but it is used 
by us as a medicine. 

METHOD The bloodroot should be 



468 PLANTS 

studied In the woods where it is to be 
found growing. 

OBSERVATIONS i . At what time of 
year does bloodroot blossom? In what situ- 
ations does it thrive? 

2. \\Tiat do we see irst when the blood- 
root puts Its head above the soil? Where 
is the flower bud? How is it protected by 
the leaf? 

3. Study the flower. How many sepals 
has it? What is their color? \\Tiat Is the 
position of the sepals when the flower Is 
in bud? What Is their position when the 
flower opens? How many petals? What Is 
their color and texture? Describe the po- 
sition of the petals in the bud and in the 
open flower. Look straight into the flower; 
is Its shape circular or square? 

4. Do the flowers close nights and dur- 
ing dark days? Do the flowers longest open 
do this? Describe how the petals and se- 
pals fall. 



5. Describe the stamens. What is the 
color of the anthers? Of the pollen? De- 
scribe the pistil. Does the two-grooved 
stigma open before the pollen is shed, or 
after? What insects do you find visiting 
the bloodroot? 

6. Sketch or describe a bloodroot leaf 
as It is wrapped around the stalk of the 
flower. How are both flowerstalk and leaf 
petiole protected at the base? Describe 
or sketch a leaf after it Is unfolded and 
open. Describe the difference between 
the upper and lower surfaces of the leaf. 
What sort of petiole has it? Break the 
petiole; what sort of juice comes from it? 
Describe and measure the leaf later in the 
season; do they all have the same number 
of lobes? 

7. Compare the bloodroot with the 
popples; do you find any resemblance be- 
tween the habits of these two kinds of 
flowers? 



THE TRILLIUM 




Buffalo Museum of Science 



The white trillium 

It would be well for the designer of 
tapestries to study the carpets of our for- 
ests for his patterns, for he would find 
there a new carpet every month, quite 



different in plan and design from the one 
spread there earlier or later. One of the 
most beautiful designs from Nature's 
looms is a trillium carpet, which is at its 
best when the white trilliums are in blos- 
som. It is a fine study of the artistic pos- 
sibilities of the triangle when reduced to 
terms of leaves, petals, and sepals. 

The trillium season is a long one; it 
begins in April with the purple wake- 
robin or birthroot, the species with purple, 
red, or sometimes yellowish flowers. The 
season ends in June with the last of the 
great white trilliums, which flush pink in- 
stead of fading, when old age comes upon 
them. 

The color of the trillium flower depends 
upon the species studied; there are three 
petals, and the white and painted trilliums 
have the edges of the petals ruffled; the 
red and nodding trilliums have petals and 
sepals nearly the same size, but in the 
white trillium the sepals are narrower and 
shorter than the petals. The sepals are 
alternate to the petals, so that when we 
look straight into the flower we see it as 



WILD FLOWERS 



a six-pointed star, three of the points be- 
ing green sepals. The pistil of the trilliuin 
is six-lobed. It is dark red in the purple 
trillium and very large; In the white spe- 
cies, it is pale green and smaller; it opens 
at the top with three flaring stigmas. 
There are six stamens with long anthers, 
and they stand between the lobes of the 
pistil. The flowerstalk rises from the cen- 
ter w^here three large leaves join. The 
flow r erstalk has a tendency to bend a little, 
and is rather delicate. The three leaves 
have an interesting venation, and make 
a good subject for careful drawing. The 
flowerstalk varies with different species, 
and so does the length of the stem of the 
plant, the latter being fleshy and green to- 
ward the top and reddish toward the root. 
The trilliums have a thick, fleshy, and 
much scarred rootstock from which ex- 
tend rootlets which are often corrugated. 
The trilliums are perennial and grow f 
mostly in damp, rich woods. The painted 
trillium is found in cold, damp woods 
along the banks of brooks; the white 
trillium is likely to be found in large num- 
bers in the same locality, while the purple 
trillium is found only here and there. Flies 
and beetles carry the pollen for the red 
trillium, apparently attracted to it by its 
rank odor, which is very disagreeable to 





Buffalo Museum of Science 

Red trUliuim 



The stemless trillium 

us. The large white trillium Is visited by 
bees and butterflies. The fruit of the tril- 
lium Is a berry; that of the purple species 
is somewhat six-lobed and reddish. In late 
July the fruit of the white trillium Is a 
cone with six sharp wings, or ridges, from 
apex to base, the latter being three-quar- 
ters of an inch across. These vertical ridges 
are not evenly spaced, and beneath them 
are packed as closely as possible the yellow- 
green seeds, which are as large as homeo- 
pathic pills. In cross section, it can be 
seen that the trillium berry Is star-shaped 
with three compartments, the seeds grow- 
ing on the partitions. This trillium fruit 
is very rough outside, but smooth inside, 
and the dried stamens often still cling 
to it. 

The trilliums are so called from the 
word triplum, meaning threefold, as there 
are three leaves, three petals, and three 
sepals. 




PLANTS 



White trittiums in natural surroundings 



LESSON 120 
THE TRILLIUM 

LEADING THOUGHT The trilliums are 
lilies, and are often called wood lilies, be- 
cause of their favorite haunts. There are 
several species, but they are all alike in 
that they have three sepals, three petals, 
and three leaves. 

METHOD This lesson may be given 
from trilliums observed in the woods by 
the pupils, who should be encouraged to 
watch the development of the berry and 
also to learn all the different species com- 
mon to a locality. 

OBSERVATIONS i. How many leaves 
has the trillium? How are they arranged? 
Draw a leaf, showing its shape and veins. 
Describe the stem of the plant below the 
leaves, giving the length and color. 

2. How far above the leaves does the 
flowerstalk or peduncle extend? Does the 
flower stand upright or droop? Describe or 



sketch the colors, shape, and arrangement 
of the petals and sepals. Do the petals 
have raffled margins? 

3. Describe the pistil and the stigmas. 
Describe the stamens and how they are 
placed in relation to the pistil. 

4. Do the flowers remain open during 
cloudy days and nights? 

5. What insects do you find visiting the 
trilliums? Do the same insects visit the 
purple and the white trilliums? What is 
the difference in odor between the purple 
and the white trillium? Does this seem 
to bring different kinds of insects to each? 

6. How does the color of the white tril- 
lium change as the blossom matures? 
\\Tiat is the color and shape of the fruit 
of each different species of trillium? When 
is the fruit ripe? 




Trillium and adders-tongue. These plants 
may^ often be found growing in the same 
habitat 



WILD FLOWERS 




D utch ma n 7 $-breech es 



O. L. Foster 



DUTCHMAN'S-BREECHES AND SQUIRREL CORN 

In a gymnasium where things grow ? 
Jolly boys and girls in a row, 
Hanging down from cross-bar stem 
Builded purposely for them. 
Stout little legs up in the air 7 
Kick at the breeze as it passes there; 
Dizzy heads in collars wide 
Look at the world from the underside; 
Happy acrobats a-swing, 
At the woodside show in early spring. 

-A. B. C. 

And toward the sun, which kindlier burns ? 
The earth awaking ? looks and yearns, 
And still, as in all other Aprils, 
The annual miracle returns. 

ELIZABETH AKERS 



There are many beautiful carpets spread 
before the feet of advancing spring, but 
perhaps none of them are so delicate in 
pattern as those woven by these two plants 
that spread their fernlike leaves in April 
and May. There is little difference in the 
foliage of the two; both are delicate green 
and lacelike above, and pale, bluish green 
on the under side. And each leaf, although 
so finely divided, is, after all, quite simple; 



for it has three chief divisions, and these 
in turn are divided into three, and all the 
leaves come directly from a stem under 
the ground. These plants grow in the 
woodlands, and by spreading their green 
leaves early, before the trees are in foliage, 
they have the advantage of the spring sun- 
shine. Thus they make their food for ma- 
turing their seeds, and also store some of it 
in their underground parts for use early 



472 



PLANTS 



the following spring. By midsummer the 
leaves have entirely disappeared, and an- 
other carpet is spread in the place which 
they once covered. 

DiitchmanYbreech.es and squirrel corn 
resemble each other so closely that they 
are often confused; however, they are 
quite different in form; the 44 legs " of 




The underground storehouse of Dutchman's- 

breeches 

the Dutchman Vbreeches are quite long 
and spread wide apart, while the blos- 
soms of the squirrel com are rounded 
bags instead of u legs/' The underground 
parts of the two are quite different. 
The Dutchman Vbreeches grows from 
a little bulb made up of grayish scales, 
wiiile the squirrel com develops from a 
round, yellow tuber; these yellow, kernel- 
like tubers are scattered among the roots, 
each capable of developing a plant next 
year. The Dutchman Vbreeches grow in 
thin woodlands and on rocky hillsides, but 
the squirrel com is found more often in 
rich, moist woods. The blossom of the 
Dutchman Vbreeches comes the earlier 
of the two. These flowers are white with 
yellow tips, and are not fragrant. The 
flowers of the squirrel corn are grayish 
with a tinge of magenta and are fragrant. 

The legs of the Dutchman Vbreeches 
are nectar pockets with tubes leading to 
them, and are formed by two petals. Op- 
posite these two petals are two others more 
or less spoon-shaped, with the spoon 
bowls united to protect the anthers and 
stigma. There are tw r o little sepals which 
are scalelike. 

The seed capsule of the Dutchman V 
breeches is a long pod with a slender. 



pointed end, and it opens lengthwise. The 
seed capsules of the squirrel corn are simi- 
lar and I have found in one capsule 
twelve seeds, which were shaped like little 




Seed capsule of squirrel corn 

kernels of corn, black in color, and sRiny 
like patent leather. 

LESSON 121 

DUTCHMANVBREECHES AND 
SQUIRREL CORN 

LEADING THOUGHT The Dutchman V 
breeches, or " boys and girls," as it is often 
called, is one of the earliest flowers of rich 
woodlands. There are interesting differ- 
ences between this flower and its close 
relative, squirrel corn. The flowers of both 
of these resemble in structure the flowers 
of the bleeding heart. 




Dutchman' s-breeches in rich woodland en- 
vironment 



WILD FLOWERS 

METHOD As the Dutchman's-breeches 
blossoms in April and May, usually earlier 
than squirrel corn, we naturally study the 
former first and compare the latter with 
it in form and in habits. The questions 
should be given the pupils for them to 
answer for themselves during their spring 
walks in the parks or woodlands. 

OBSERVATIONS i. \\Tiere do you find 
DutchmanVbreeches? Which do you pre- 
fer to call these flowers, Dutchman V 
breeches or boys and girls? Are there leaves 
on the trees when these flowers are in 
bloom? 

2. Which blossoms earlier in the sea- 
ion, Dutchman Vbreeches or squirrel 
corn? How do the flowers of the two differ 
in shape? In odor? 

3. In the flower of the DutchmanV 
breeches find two petals which protect 
the nectar. How do they look? What part 
of the breeches do they form? Find two 
other petals which protect the pollen and 
stigma. 

4. Find the two sepals. How many 
bracts do you find on the flower stalk? 

5. What insects visit these flowers? De- 
scribe how they get the nectar. 

6. Have you ever seen squirrels harvest- 
ing squirrel corn? What is the purpose 
of the kernels of the squirrel com? 

y. Study the leaf. How many main parts 
are there to it? How are these parts di- 
vided? What is the color of the leaf above? 
Below? Can you distinguish the leaves of 
the Dutchman's-breeches from those of 
the squirrel corn? 

8. Describe the seed capsule of Dutch- 




Verae Morton 



Squirrel corn 

manVbreeches. How does it open? How 
many seeds has it? Compare this with the 
fruit of squirrel corn and describe the 
difference. 

9. What happens to the leaves of these 
two plants late in summer? How do the 
plants get enough sunlight to make food 
to mature their seed? What preparations 
have they made for early blossoming the 
next spring? 



JACK-IN-THE--PULPIT 

With hooded heads and shields of green, 

Monks of the wooded glen, 
I know you well; you are, I ween, 

Robin Hood's merry men. 

" CHILD'S OWN BOOK OF FLOWERS " 



This little preacher is a prime favorite 
with all children, its very shape, like that 
of the pitcher plant, suggesting mystery; 
and what child could fail to lift the striped 



hood to discover what might be hidden 
beneath! And the interest is enhanced 
when it is discovered that the hood is but 
a protection for the true flowers, standing 




PLANTS 



Verne Morion 

Jack-in-t he-pulpit or Indian turnip 

upon a club-shaped stern, which has been 
made through imagination into " Jack/' 
the little preacher. 

Jack-in-the-pulpit prefers wet locations 
but is sometimes found on dry, wooded 
hillsides; an abundance of blossoms occurs 
in late May. This plant has another name, 
which it has earned by being interesting 
below ground as well as above. It has a 
solid, flattened., food-storehouse called a 
corm with a fringe of coarse rootlets en- 
circling its upper portion. This corm was 
used as a food by the Indians, which fact 
gave the plant the name of Indian turnip. 
I think all children test the corm as a food 
for curiosity, and retire from the field with 
a new respect for the stoicism of the In- 
dian when enduring torture; but this is an 
undeserved tribute. When raw, these 
conns are peppery because they are filled 
with minute, needle-like crystals which, 
however, soften with boiling, and the In- 
dians boiled them before eating them. 

Jack-in-the-pulpit is a near cousin to the 
calk lily; the white part of the calla and 
the striped hood over "Jack" are both 
spathes, and a spathe is a leaf modified 
for the protection of a flower or flowers. 
" Jack " has but one leg and his flowers 
are set around it, all safely enfolded in the 
lower part of the spathe. The pistillate 
flowers which make the berries are round 
and greenish, and are packed like berries 
on the stalk; they have purple stigmas with 



whitish centers. The pollen-bearing flow- 
ers are mere little projections, almost 
white in color, each usually bearing four 
purplish, cuplike anthers filled with white 
pollen. Occasionally both kinds of flowers 
may be found on one spadix (as " Jack " 
is called in the botanies ) , the pollen-bear- 
ing flowers being set above the others; but 
usually they are on separate plants. Pro- 
fessor x\tkinson has demonstrated that 
when a plant becomes very strong and 
thrifty, its spadix will be set with the pistil- 
late flowers and its berries will be many; 
but if the same plant becomes weak 7 it 
produces the pollen-bearing flowers the 
next year. 

When " Jack " first appears in the 
spring it looks like a mottled, pointed peg, 
for it is w r ell sheathed. Within this sheath 
the leaves are rolled lengthwise to a point, 
and at the very center of the rolled leaves 
is a spathe, also rolled lengthwise, which 
enfolds the developing flower buds. It is 
a most interesting process to watch the 
unfolding of one of these plants. On the 
older plants there are two, or sometimes 
three leaves, each with three large leaflets; 
on the younger plants there may be only 
one of these compound leaves, but the 
leaflets are so large that they seem like 
three entire leaves. 

The spathes, or pulpits, vary in color, 




Leonard K. Beyer 

Calla lily or water arum 



WILD FLOWERS 



475 



some being maroon and white or greenish, 
and some greenish and white. They are 
very pretty objects for water-color draw- 
ings. 

Small flies and some beetles seem to be 
the pollen carriers for this plant. Various 
ingenious theories have been suggested to 
prove that our Jack-in-the-pulpit acts as a 
trap to imprison visiting insects, as does 
the English species; but I have studied 
the flowers in every- stage, and have 
seen the insects crawl out of the hoods as 
easily as they crawled in, and by the same 
open, though somewhat narrow passage 
between the spadix and the spathe. 




The berries of Jack-in-the-pulpit 

After a time the spathe falls away ? show 7 - 
ing the globular, green, shining berries. In 
August even the leaves may wither away, 
at which time the berries are brilliant scar- 
let. Jack-in-the-pulpit is a perennial. It 
does not blossom the first year after it is 
a seedling. I have known at least one case 
where blossoms were not produced until 
the third year. Below ground, the main 
corm gives off smaller corms and thus the 
plant spreads by this means as well as by 
seeds. 

LESSON 122 
JACK-XN-THE-PULPIT 

LEADING THOUGHT The real flowers 
of Jack-in-the-pulpit are hidden by the 
striped spathe which is usually spoken of 
as the flower. This plant has a peppery 
root which the Indians used for food. 





1, Jack-in-the-pulpit unfolding. 2, Spadix 

with pistillate flowers. 3, Spadix with starni- 
nate flowers 

P, Pistillate flower, enlarged. An, a staminate flower 
enlarged, showing four anthers 

METHOD The questions should be an- 
swered from observation in the woods; a 
single plant may be dug up and brought 
to school for study, and later planted in 
some shady spot in the school garden. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where do you find 
Jack-in-the-pulpit? Is the soil dry or damp? 
Do you ever find it in the fields? 

2. How early in the season does this 
plant blossom? How late? 




47 6 



PLANTS 



2. How does the Tack-in-the-pulpit look spadix; if you call the spadix " Jack," then 

2 . _ , ^ - _-r t- . i _ n_ ._ _1-^j.l,^ "L,^ ^~* ^. 1 ^~ A -11 j-l 



when it first pushes out from the ground? 
How are its leaves rolled in its spring over- 
coat? 

4. How does the pulpit, or spathe, look 
when the plant first unfolds? Is its tip bent 
over or is it straight? 

5. Describe or sketch the leaves of Jack- 
in-the-pulpit. Note how they rise above 
the flower. How many leaflets has each 
leaf? Sketch the leaflets to show the vena- 
tion. How do these stand above the flower? 
Can you find any of the plants with only 
one leaf? 

6. Why is the spathe called a pulpit? 
What are the colors of the spathe? Are 
all the spathes of the same colors? 

7. Open up the spathe and see the 
rows of blossoms around the base of the 



the flowers clothe his one leg. Are all the 
blossoms alike? Describe, if you can, those 
flowers which will produce the seed and 
those which produce the pollen. Do you 
find the two on the same spadix or on 
different plants? 

8. What insects do you find earning 
the pollen for " Jack "? Do you know how 
its berries look in June? How do they look 
in August? Do the leaves last as long as 
the berries? 

9. What other name has " Jack "? How 
does the plant multiply below the ground? 

10. Compare the Jack-in-the-pulpit with 
the calla lily. 

11. Write an English theme on " The 
Sermon That Jack Preached from His Pul- 
pit." 



THE VIOLET 



It is interesting to note the flowers 
which have impinged upon the imagina- 
tion of the poets; the violet more than 
most flowers has been loved by them, and 
they have sung in varied strains of its 
fragrance and loveliness. 




Verne Morton 



Round-leaved yellow violet 

Browning says: 

Such a starved bank of moss ? 

Till that May morn, 
Blue ran the flash across; 

Violets were born. 



And Wordsworth sings: 

A violet by a mossy stone 7 
Half hidden from the eye; 

Fair as a star, when only one 
Is shining in the sky. 

And Barry Cornwall declares that the vi- 
olet 

Stands first with most, but always with the 
lover. 

But Shakespeare's tribute is the most 
glowing of all, since the charms of both 
the goddesses of beauty and of love are 
made to pay tribute to it: 

violets dim 
But sweeter than the lids 

of Juno's eyes 
Or Cytherea's breath. 

However, the violets go on living their 
own lives, in their own way, quite un- 
mindful of the poets. There are many dif- 
ferent species, and they frequent quite dif- 
ferent locations. Some live in the woods, 
others in meadows, and others in damp, 



WILD FLOWERS 

marshy ground. They are divided into two 
distinct groups those where the leaf- 
stalks come directly from the underground 
rootstocks, and those where the leaves 
come from a common stem, the latter be- 
ing called the leafy-stemmed violets. Much 
attention should be given to sketching 
and studying accurately the leaves of the 
specimens under observation, for the dif- 
ferences in the shapes of the leaves, in 
many instances, determine the species; in 
some cases the size and shape of the stip- 
ules determine the species; and whether 
the leaves and stems are downy or smooth 
is another important characteristic. In the 
case of those species where the leaves 
spring from the rootstock, the flower stems 
rise from the same situation; but in the 
leafy-stemmed violets the flow r er stems 
come off at the axils of the leaves. In some 
species the flower stems are long enough 
to lift the flowers far above the foliage, 
while in others they are so short that the 
flowers are hidden. 

The violet has five sepals and their shape 
and length is a distinguishing mark. There 
are five petals, one pair above, a pair one 
at each side, and a broad lower petal, 
which gives the bees and butterflies a rest- 




Verne Morton 




Verne Morion 



Dog violet 



Common blue violet, showing two of the 
little flowers which never open lying beneath 
the bare rootstocks. Note the three-solved 
seed capsules 



ing place when they are seeking nectar. 
This lower petal is prolonged backward 
into a spur which holds the nectar. 

The spur forms the nectary of the violet, 
and in order to reach the sw r eet treasure, 
which is at the rearmost point of the nec- 
tary, the insect must thrust its tongue 
through a little door guarded by both an- 
thers and pistil; the insect thus becomes 
laden with pollen, and carries it from 
flower to flower. In many of the species, 
the side petals have at their bases a little 
fringe which forms an arch over the door 
or throat leading to the nectary. While 
this is considered a guard to keep out un- 
desirable insects like ants, I am convinced 
that it is also useful in brushing the pollen 
from the tongues of the insect visitors. 

Some species of violets are very fragrant, 
while others have little odor. The color 
of the anthers also differs with different 
species. The children should be interested 
in watching the development of the seeds 
from the flower. The seed pods are three- 
lobed, each one of these lobes dividing 
lengthwise, with a double row of seeds 
within. Each lobe curls back and thus 
scatters the seed. 

At the base of most o the species of 
violets can be found the small flowers 
which never open; they have no petals, but 




PLANTS 



Verne Morton 



Long-spurred violet 



within them the pollen and the pistil are 
fully developed. These flowers seem to be 
developed only for self-pollination, and in 
the botanies they are called cleistogamous 
flowers; in some species they are on up- 
right stems, in others they lie flat. There 
is much difference in the shape of the 
rootstock in the different species of violet; 
some are delicate and others are strong, 
and some are creeping. 

LESSON 123 
THE VIOLET 

LEADING THOUGHT Each violet flower 
has a well of nectar ? with lines pointing to 
it. Violets have also down near their roots 
flowers that never open, which are self- 
pollinated and develop seeds. 

METHOD To make this work of the 
greatest use and interest, each pupil should 
make a portfolio of the violets of the lo- 
cality. This may be in the form of pressed 
and mounted specimens, or of water-color 
drawings. In either case, the leaf, leaf- 
stalk, flower, flowerstalk, and rootstock 
should be shown, and each blossom should 
be neatly labeled with name, locality, and 
date. From the nature-study standpoint, 
a portfolio of drawings is the more desira- 
ble, since from making the drawings the 
pupils become more observant of the dif- 
ferences in structure and color which dis- 
tinguish the species. Such a portfolio may 
be a most beautiful object; the cover of 



thick cardboard may have an original, con- 
ventionalized design made from the flow- 
ers and leaves of the violets. Each drawing 
may be followed by a page containing 
notes by the pupil and some appropriate 
quotation from botany, poetry, or other 
literature. 




Vrne Morton 

The Canada white violet, a leafy -stemmed 
species 



WILD FLOWERS 



479 



OBSERVATIONS i. Describe the local- 
ity and general nature of the soil where 
the violet was found. That is, was it in the 
woods, dry fields, or near a stream? 

2. Sketch or describe the shape of the 
leaf, paying particular attention to its mar- 
gin and noting whether it is rolled toward 
the stem at its base. Is the petiole longer 
or shorter than the leaf? Are there stipules 
where the leaf joins the main stem? If so, 
are they toothed on the edge? 

3. What is the color of the leaf above? 
Are the leaves and sterns downy and vel- 
vety, or smooth and glossy? 

4. Does the flowerstalk come from the 
rootstock of the plant, or does it grow 
from the main stem at the axil of the 
leaf? Are the flowerstalks long enough to 
lift the flowers above the foliage of the 
plant? 

5. How many sepals has the violet? Are 
they long or short, pointed or rounded? 
How many petals has the violet? How are 
they arranged? Is the lower petal shaped 
like the others? What is the use of this 
broad lower petal? Are there any marks 
upon it? If you should follow one of these 
lines, where would it lead? 

6. Look at the spur at the back of the 
flower. Of which petal is it a part? How 
long is it ? compared with the whole 
flower? What is the use of this spur? 

7. Find the opening that leads to the 
nectar-spur and note what the tongue of 
the bee or butterfly would brush against 
when reaching for the nectar. Are the side 
petals which form the arch over the open- 
ing that leads to the nectar fringed at their 
bases? 

8. What colors are the petals? Are they 
the same on both sides? How are they 




Leonard K, "Beyer 

BircTs-foot violet 

marked and veined? Are the flowers fra- 
grant? 

9. What color are the anthers? What 
color is the stigma? Examine a fading vio- 
let, and describe how the seed is developed 
from the flower. 

10. Find the seed-pods of the violet. 
How are the seeds arranged within them? 
How do the pods open? How are the seeds 
scattered? 

11. Look at the base of the violet and 
find the little flowers there which never 
open. Examine one of these flowers and 
find if it has sepals, petals, anthers, and 
pistil. Are these closed flowers on upright 
stems or do the stems lie flat on the earth? 
Of what use to the plant are these little 
closed flowers? 



THE MAY APPLE OR MANDRAKE 



This is a study of parasols and, therefore, 
of perennial interest to the little girls who 
use the small ones for their dolls, and with 
many airs and graces hold the large ones 
above their own heads. And when this 
diversion palls, they make mandarin dolls 
of these fascinating plants. This is easily 



done by taking one of the small plant um- 
brellas and tying with a grass sash all but 
two of the lobes closely around the stem, 
thus making a dress, the lobes left out 
being cut in proper shape for flowing 
sleeves; then for a head some other flower 
is robbed of its flower bud, which is put 




PLANTS 



Verne Morton 



May apple or mandrake 

into place and surmounted with a clover 
leaflet hat. Then a pin is thrust through 
hat, head, and neck into the stem of 
the dressed plant, and the whole is prop- 
erly finished by placing a small umbrella 
above the little green mandarin. 

The mandrakes grow in open places 
where there is sun, and yet not too much 
of it; they like plenty of moisture, and 
grow luxuriantly in open glades or in 
meadows or pastures bordering wood- 
lands, and in the fence-corners, along road- 
sides. The first lesson of all should be to 
notice how nature has folded these little 
umbrellas. Study the plants when they 
first put their heads above ground, each 
like a parasol wrapped in its case, and note 
how similarly to a real umbrella it is folded 
around its stem. Later, after the umbrellas 
are fairly spread, they afford a most inter- 
esting study in varieties of form and size. 
Some of the leaves have only four lobes 
while others have many more. I have 
found them with as many as nine, al- 
though the botanies declare seven to be 
the normal number. One of the special 
joys afforded by nature-study is finding 
things different from the descriptions of 
them in the books. 

One of these little parasols is a worthy 
object for careful observation. Its stem is 
stout and solid, and at its base may be 
seen the umbrella-case,, now discarded like 
other umbrella-cases; the stem is pink 



wherever the sun touches it, but close up 
under the leaves it is likely to be green; it 
ends at the middle of the parasol by send- 
ing out strong, pale green, fuzzy ribs into 
each lobe. The lobes are narrow toward 
the stem but broad at the outer edge, each 
lobe being sparsely toothed on its outer 
margins and with a deep, smooth notch 
at the center. From the ribs of each lobe 
extend other ribs, an arrangement quite 
different from that which we find in cloth 
umbrellas. The lobes of the mandrake leaf 
or parasol are divided almost to the center. 
The parasol is a beautiful shining green 
on the upper side, and has a pale green 
lining that feels somewhat woolly. 

In examining any patch of May apples, 
we find that many of the leaves are double; 
one of these twin leaves is always larger 
than the other and evidently belongs to 
the main stem, since its stem is stouter, 
and it is likely to have seven lobes while 
the smaller one may have but five. How- 
ever, the number of lobes varies. Neither 
of these double leaf-parasols has its ribs 
extending out toward the other; instead 
they are at the side next each other, ex- 
actly as if the original single stem had 
been split and the whole parasol had been 
torn in twain. 




Brooklyn Botanic Garden 

May apple, showing flowers and leaves 



WILD FLOWERS 



But of greatest interest is the bud car- 
ried under this double parasol. At first it is 
a little, elongate, green ball on a rather stii 
little stalk, which arises just where the two 
branches fork. One of the strange things 
about this bud is, that when the plant is 
just coming from the ground, the bud 
pushes its head out from between the two 
folded parasols, and takes a look at the 
world before it is covered by its green 
sunshade. As the bud unfolds, it looks as 
if it had three green sepals, each keeping 
its cup form and soon falling off, as a 
little girl drops her hood on a warm day; 
but each of these sepals, if examined, will 
be found to be two instead of one; the 
outer is the outside of the green hood 
while the inner is a soft, whitish mem- 
brane. As the greenish white petals spread 
out, they disclose a triangular mass of yel- 
low' stamens grouped about the big seed 
box, each side of the triangle being op- 
posite one of the inner petals. After the 
flower is fully open, the stamens spread 
and each anther is easily seen to be 
grooved, and each edge of the groove 
opens for the whole of its length; but 
because of its shape and position, it lets 
the pollen fall away from the pistil instead 
of toward it; nor do the tips of the anthers 
reach the waxy, white, ruffled stigma. 
There is no nectar in this flower; but the 
big queen bumblebee collects the pollen 
for her new nest, and " bumbles " around 
in the flower while getting her load, so 
that she becomes well dusted with the pol- 
len, and thus carries it from flower to 
flower. But the whole story of the pollen 
carriers of the May apple is, as yet, untold; 
and any child who is willing to give time 
and attention to discovering the different 
insects which visit this flower may give 
to the world valuable and as yet unknown 
facts. It is said that a white moth is often 
found hanging to the flowers, but it is 
difficult to understand why the moth 
should be there if the flower does not have 
any nectar. 

The seed vessel at the center of the 
flower is large and chunky, and ? although 
crowned with its raffled stigma, looks as 
if it were surely going to " grow tip " into 




May apples as they grow 

a May apple. There are usually six wide, 
white, rounded petals, three on the out- 
side and three on the inside; but some- 
times there are as many as nine. There are 
usually twice as many stamens as petals, 
but I have often found thirteen stamens, 
which is not twice any possible number of 
petals. The petals soon fall, and the green 
fruit which is a berry instead of an apple 
has nothing to do but grow, until in 
July it is as juicy and luscious to the thirst} 7 
child as if it were the fruit of the gods. It 
is about two inches long, a rich yellow in 
color, and is sometimes called the " wild 
lemon," although it is not sour. It is also 
called the hog-apple because the clever 
swine of the South know how to find it. 
Riley thus celebrates this fruit: 

And will any poet sing of a lusher, richer 

thing, 
Than a ripe May apple, rolled like a pulpy 

lump of gold 
Under thumb and finger tips; and poured 

molten through the lips? 

While the May apple Itself is edible, 
certainly its root is not, except when given 
by physicians as a medicine, for it is quite 



482 



PLANTS 



poisonous when eaten. When we see How high is the stem? What is its color 
plants growing in colonies or patches, it at the bottom and at the top? How many 



usually means that very interesting things 
are going on underground beneath thern ? 
and the mandrake is no exception to this. 
Each plant has a running underground 
stem, straight and brown and fairly 
smooth; at intervals of a few inches, there 
are attached to it rosettes of stout, white 
roots, which divide into tiny, crooked root- 
lets. There is a large rosette of these roots 
under the plant we are studying, and we 
can always find a rosette of them under 



ribs does it divide into at the top? Are 
these ribs as smooth as the stem? How 
does the parasol lining differ from its out- 
side in color and feeling? 

4. Study the leaf lobes. What is their 
general shape? Are they all notched 
at the wide end? How close to the 
stem does the division between them 
extend? 

5. Take a plant with two leaves. Where 
is the flower bud to be found? How is it 



the place where the plant stood last year, protected from the sun? Does the stem 
Beneath the present plant we can find the divide equally on each side of it or is one 
bud from which will grow the rootstock part larger than the other? Are the^twin 
for the coming year. The working out of " r "" 

the branching and the peculiarities of 
these rootstocks is an excellent lesson in 
this peculiar and interesting kind of plant 
reproduction. 



LESSON 124 
THE MANDRAKE 

LEADING THOUGHT These interesting 
plants grow in colonies because of the 
spreading of their underground stems. 
Their fruit is well hidden by its green para- 
sol until it is ripe. 

METHOD Begin the study just as the 
mandrakes are thrusting their heads up 
through the soil in April, and continue the 
work at intervals until the fruit is ripe. 

OBSERVATIONS i . How do the man- 
drakes look when they first appear above 
the ground? How are the little umbrellas 
folded in their cases? What do the cases 
look like? How can you tell from the first 
the plants which are to bear the flowers 
and fruit? 

2. Study a patch of mandrakes, and see 
how many varieties of leaves or parasols 
you can find. Do they all have the same 
number of main ribs and lobes? How 
many lobes do most of them have? Are 
there more single or double leaves in the 
patch? 

3. Take a simple plant and study it 
carefully. What sort of stem has it? Can 
you find at its base the old umbrella case? 



leaves of the same size? How many lobes 
has each? What are the chief differences 
in shape between one of these twin leaves 
and one which has no flower bud? 

6. How does the flower bud look? What 
happens to the green hood or sepals when 
the flower opens? Can you find six sepals 
in the hood? 

7. Does the open flower bow down- 
ward? As the flower opens, what is the 
shape of the group of stamens at the cen- 
ter? Are there the same number of white, 
waxy petals in all the flowers? Are there 
always about twice as many stamens as 
petals? How do the anthers open to shed 
the pollen? Do they let the pollen fall 
away from the ruffled stigma of the " fat " 
little seed box at the center of the flower? 

8. Does the flower have a strong odor? 
Does not the plant itself give off this 
odor? Do you think it is pleasant? Do the 
cattle eat the mandrake when it is in 
pastures? 

9. What insects do you find visiting 
the mandrake flowers? 

10. Do you like the May apple? When 
is it ripe? Cut a fruit across and see how 
the seeds are arranged. 

11. Where are mandrakes found? Do 
they always grow in patches? 

12. Why must we not taste of the man^ 
drake root? 

13. In late July, visit the mandrake 
patch again. Are there any leaves now? 
What is left of the plants? 



WILD FLOWERS 



483 



THE BLUETS 



During April, great patches of blue ap- 
pear in certain meadows, seeming almost 
like reflections from the sky; and yet when 
we look closely at the flowers which give 
this azure hue to the fields, we find that 
they are more lavender than blue. The 
corolla of the bluet is a tube, spreading 
out into four long, lavender, petal-like 
lobes; each lobe is paler toward its base 
and the opening of the tube has a ring 
of vivid yellow about it, the tube itself 
being yellow even to its very base, where 
the four delicate sepals clasp it fast to the 
ovary. After the corolla has fallen the 
sepals remain. 

If we look carefully at the bluets we 
find two forms of flowers: a, those with a 
two-lobed stigma protuding from the 
opening of the flow r er-tube; b, those where 
the throat of the tube seems closed by 
four anthers which join like four finger- 
tips pressed together. In opening the 
flower, we observe that those which have 
the stigmas protruding from the tube have 
four anthers fastened to the sides of the 
tube about half-way down; while those 
that have the four anthers near the open- 
ing of the tube have a pistil with a short 
style which brings the stigmas about half- 
way up the tube. An insect visiting the 
flower a gets her tongue dusted with pol- 
len from the anthers at the middle of the 
tube; and this pollen is ready to be brushed 
off against the stigmas of a flower of the 
b form. A bee visiting a bluet of the b 
form receives the pollen at the base of her 
tongue; from here it can be brushed off 
by the protruding stigmas of the flowers 
of the a form. 

This arrangement in flowers for the 
reciprocal exchange of pollen also char- 
acterizes members of the primrose family; 
it is certainly a very clever arrangement for 
securing cross-pollination. 

LESSON 125 
THE BLUETS 

LEADING THOUGHT The bluets have 
two forms of flowers, the anthers and 



stigmas being placed in different positions 
in the two. 

METHOD Ask the children to bring in 
several bits of sod covered with bluets. 
Let the pupils, with the aid of a lens if 
necessary, find the two different forms of 




Bluets 



Cyras Crosby 



flowers. Later, let each see a flower of each 
form with the tube opened lengthwise. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Where do the blu- 
ets grow? Do they grow singly or in 
masses? On what kind of soil do they 
grow, in woods or meadows? At wiiat time 
of year do they bloom? 




6, Section of a bluet blossom that ha$ the 
anthers at the throat of the tube and the 
stigmas below, a, Section of a bluet with the 
stigmas protruding and the anthers be- 
low 

2. Describe the bluet flower, its color, 
the shape of its sepals, the form of the 
corolla, the color of the corolla-tube and 
lobes. 

3. Where is the nectar in the bluet? 

4. Look directly into the flowers. Do 
you see any with the stigmas thrust out 
of the corolla-tube? Is there more than 
one style? Has it one or two stigmas? 



4 8 4 



PLANTS 



Open this flower-tube and describe where 
the anthers are situated in it. How many 
anthers are there? 

5. Look for a flower where the stigmas 
do not protrude and the anthers close the 
throat of the tube. Where are the stigmas 
in this flower, below or above the anthers? 
Where are the anthers attached? 



6. Work out this problem: How do the 
insects gathering nectar from one form of 
the bluets become dusted with pollen in 
such a way as to leave it upon the stigma 
of the other form of the bluet flower? 

7. How many sepals has the flower of 
the bluet? Do these sepals fall off when 
the corolla falls? 



THE YELLOW LADY'S-SLIPPER 

Graceful and tall the slender drooping stem, 

With two broad leaves below, 
Shapely the flower so lightly poised between, 

And warm its rosy glow. ELAINE GOODALE 




Brooklyn Botanic Garden 



Showy lady's-slipper 

These showy flowers look so strange in 
our woodlands that we gaze at them as 
curiously as we might upon a veiled lady 
from the Orient who had settled in our 
midst. There is something abnormal and 
mysterious in the shape of this flower, 
and though it be called the lady Vslipper, 
yet it would be a strange foot that could 
fit such a slipper; and if it is strange at 



the first glance, it is still more so as we 
try to compare it with other flowers. There 
are two long sepals that extend up and 
down, the lower one being made up of 
two grown together. The sepals are yel- 
low, and are wider than the two long 
streamers that extend out at right angles 
to them, which are petals; the brighter 
color of the latter, their markings of red- 
dish dots, the hairs near their bases, all 
go to show that these petals, although so 
different in shape, belong to the same 
series as the big lower petal which is puffed 
out into a sac, shaped like a deep, long 
bowl, with its upper edges incurved. If we 
look carefully at this bowl, we find two 
openings besides the main one; these two 
are near the stem, and their edges are 
not incurved. Extending out into each of 
these openings is a strange little round 
object, which is an anther; but if we try 
to get pollen from this anther with a 
pencil or a knife we get, instead of powdery 
pollen, a smear that sticks to what it 
touches, like melted rubber or gum. The 
secret of this is that the lower side of the 
anther is gummy, and, adhering to what- 
ever touches it, brings with it, when 
pulled away, the mealy pollen which lies 
loose above it. Another strange thing is 
that, if this lower part of the anther is 
not carried away, it seems to partially 
harden and opens downward, letting the 
pollen escape in a way usual with other 



WILD FLOWERS 



flowers. We have to remove a side of the 
bowl to see the stigma; it is fan-shaped, 
and is bent at right angles to the flower 
stem; and above it, as if to protect it, is 
a stiff triangular piece which is really a 
strangely modified stamen. I think one 
reason why the lady's-slipper always is 
called " she " is because of this tendency 
on her part to divert an object from its 
natural use. Surely a hairpin used for a 
paper knife or a monkey wrench for a 
hammer is not nearly so feminine a diver- 
sion as a stamen grown wide and long to 
make an aw ? ning above a stigma. 

The general color of the flow r er is yellow, 
and there are some dark red spots on the 
stamen-awning and along the folded-in 
surface of the petal sac. The little bee 
alights on the flower and crawls into the 
well at the center, the recurved edges pre- 
venting it from returning by the same 
opening. At the bottom of the sac there 
are vegetable hairs to be browsed upon; 





Leonard K. Beyer 

Lesser purple-fringed orchis 



Buffalo Miis**nm of Science 

Smaller yellow lady's-slipper 

if there is nectar, 1 have never been able 
to detect it with my coarse organs of taste; 
and Mr. Eugene Barker, who has exam- 
ined hundreds of the flowers, has not 
been able to detect the presence of nectar 
in them at any stage; but he made no 
histological study of the glands. 

After a satisfying meal the bee, which 
is a lively crawler, seeks to get out to the 
light again through one of the open- 
ings near to the stem. In doing this, 
she presses her head and back, first 
against the projecting stigma and then 
against the sticky anther, which smears 
her with a queer kind of plaster; and it 
sticks there until she brushes it off on the 
stigma of another flower, when crowding 
past it; and there she again becomes 
smeared with pollen plaster from this 
flower's anthers. Mr. Barker, who has 
especially studied these flowers, has found 
that the little mining bees of the genus 
Andrena were the most frequent visitors; 
he also found honeybees and one stray 
young grasshopper in the sacs. The mining 
bees which he sent to me had their backs 
plastered with the pollen. Mr. Barker 
states that the flowers are not visited fre- 
quently by insects, and adds feelingly: 
" My long waiting w r as rewarded with 
little insect activity aside from the mos- 
quitoes which furnished plenty of enter- 
tainment." 



486 



PLANTS 




Brooklyn Botanic Garden 

Larger yellow lady's-slipper 

The ovary looks like a widened and 
ribbed portion of the flowerstalk, and is 
hairy outside; its walls are thick and ob- 
scurely three-angled; seen in cross section 




the seeds are arranged in a triangular fash- 
ion which is very pretty. 

The leaves of the yellow 7 lady's-slipper 
are oval or elliptic, with smooth edges 
and parallel veins; they often have nar- 
row veins between each two heavier ones. 
The leaves are of vivid yellowish green and 
are scattered, in a picturesque manner, 
alternately along the stem, wdiich their 
bases completely clasp. The stem is some- 
what rough and ribbed and is likely to 




Detail of yellow lady's-slipper 

I, I, leaf; s,s, sepals; p,p, petals; p.,s., petal sac. 
Side view: a.c., anther cover; p.s., petal sac; a, anther. 

, an, anther closed ; o, anther open 



Brooklyn Botanic Garden 

Pink moccasin flower or stemless lady's- 
slipper 

grow crooked; it grows from one to two 
feet in height. The roots are a mass of 
small rootlets. This species is found in 
woods and in thickets. 

The pink moccasin flower, also called 
the stemless lady's-slipper (C. acaule), is 
perhaps prettier than the yellow species, 
and differs from it in several particulars. 
The sac opens by the merest crevice, and 
there are dark-pink lines which lead to 
the little opening of the well. The down- 
ward-folded edges prevent the visiting 
insect from getting out by this opening 
even more surely than in the other species. 
The side petals are not so long as in the 



WILD FLOWERS 



vellow species, and they extend forward 
as if to guide the insect to the well in 
the Io\ver petal. The sepals are greenish 
purple, and are likewise shorter; and the 
lower one is wide, indicating that it is 
made up of two grown together. At the 
base of the ovary there is a pointed green 
bract or leaf, which lifts up and bends 
above the flower. There are but two leaves 
on the stemless ladyYslipper; they arise 
from the base of the flowerstalk. They are 
broadly ovate, and from six to seven inches 
long. This species grow r s in sandy or rocky 
woods. 

Another species more beautiful than 
these is the showy ladyVslipper, which 
is white with a pink entrance to the petal 
sac. This grows by preference in peaty 
bogs, and is not so common as the others. 

The interesting points for observation 
in these flowers are the careful noting of 
the kinds of insects which visit them, and 
how they enter and leave the " slipper/ 7 or 
sac. 

LESSON 126 
THE YELLOW LADY'S-SLIPPER 

LEADING THOUGHT The moccasin 
flower belongs to that family of flowers 
known as orchids which especially depend 
upon insects for bringing and carrying 
pollen, and which have developed many 
strange devices to secure insect aid in 
pollination. 

METHOD A trip may be taken to see 
these plants where they grow. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where does the 
yellow lady's-slipper grow? Look carefully 
at its leaves and describe them. How 
do they join the stem? Are they opposite 
or alternate? 

2. What is there peculiar about the 
sepals? How many are there? 

3. Describe the three petals and the 
difference and likeness in their form and 
color. What is the shape of the lower 
petal? Is there a hole in this sac? What is 




Buffalo Museum of Science 

Showy lady's-slipper. In this native habi- 
tat it is surrounded by such plants as horse- 
tail, Indian cucumber, and ferns 

the color of the sac? Is there anything 
about it to attract insects? If an insect 
should enter the mouth of the well in 
the lower petal could it easily come out 
by the same opening? Why not? Where 
do you think it would emerge? 

4. Note the two roundish objects pro- 
jecting into the two openings of the sac 
near the stem. Thrust a pencil against 
the under side of one of these. What 
happens? How does this pollen differ from 
the pollen of ordinary flowers? 

5. Explain how a bee visiting these 
flowers, one after another, must carry the 
pollen from one to another and deposit 
it on the waiting stigmas. 

6. How is the insect attracted? How is 
it trapped? 

7. Look at the seed capsule and de- 
scribe it from the outside. 

8. How many species of ladyVslippers 
do you know? Do you know the pink, or 
stemless species? How does it differ from 
the yellow species? 



4 83 



PLANTS 



THE EVENING PRIMROSE 

Children came 
To watch the primrose blow. Silent they stood, 

Hand clasped in hand, in breathless hush around, 
And saw her shyly doff her soft green hood 
And blossom with a silken burst of sound. 

MARGARET DELAND 



To the one who has seen the evening 
primrose unfold, life is richer by a beau- 
tiful, mysterious experience. Although it 
may be no more wonderful than the un- 
folding of any other flower, yet the sud- 




Brooklyn Botanic Garden 

Evening primrose in flower 

denness of it makes it seem more mar- 
velous. For two or three days it may have 
been getting ready; the long tube w T hich 
looks like the flowerstalk has been turn- 
ing yellow; pushing up between two of 
the sepals, which clasp tips beyond it, 
there appears a row of petals. Then some 
warm evening, usually about sunset, but 



varying from four o'clock in the after- 
noon to nine or ten in the evening, the 
petals begin to unfurl; they are wrapped 
around each other in the bud as an um- 
brella is folded, and thus one edge of 
each petal becomes free first. The petal 
first in freeing its edge seems to be doing 
all the work, but we may be sure that all 
the others are opening too; little by little 
the sepals are pushed downward, until 
their tips, still clasped, are left beneath; 
and the petals now free suddenly flare 
open before our delighted eyes, with a 
movement so rapid that it is difficult for 
us not to attribute to them consciousness 
of action. Three or four of these flowers 
may open on a plant the same evening; 
and they, with their fellows on the neigh- 
boring plants, form constellations of starry 
bloom that invite attention, and night-fly- 
ing insects are often seen on them. There 
is a difference in the time required for 
a primrose flower to unfold, probably de- 
pending upon its vigor; once I watched 
for half an hour to see it accomplished, 
and again I have seen it done in two or 
three minutes. The garden species seems 
to unfold more rapidly than the wild 
species, and is much more fragrant. The 
rapidity of the opening of the blossom 
depends upon the petals getting free from 
the sepals, which seem to try to repress 
them. The bud is long, conical, obscurely 
four-sided, and is completely covered by 
the four sepals, the tips of which are 
cylindrical and twisted together; this is 
an interesting habit, and one wonders if 
they hold the petals back until the latter 
are obliged to burst out with the force 
of repressed energy; after they let go of the 
petals, they drop below the flower angu- 
larly, and finally their tips open and each 



WILD FLOWERS 



sepal turns back lengthwise along the 
seed-tube. 

The four lemon-yellow petals are broad, 
with the outer margin notched. The eight 
stamens are stout, and set one at the 
middle of each petal and one between 
each two petals. The long, pale yellow 
anthers discharge their pollen in cob- 
webby strings. When the flower first 
opens, the stigma is egg-shaped and lies 
below the anthers; later, it opens into a 
cross and usually hangs off at one side 
of the anthers. If we try to trace the style 
back to the ovary, we find that it extends 
down into what seems to be the very base 
of the flowerstalk, where it joins the main 
stem. This base is enlarged and ribbed 
and is the seed box, or ovary. The tube is 
rich in nectar, but only the long sucking- 
tubes of moths can reach it, although I 
have sometimes seen the ubiquitous bees 
attempting it. The butterflies may take 
the nectar in the daytime, for the blossoms 
of the wild species remain open, or par- 
tially open, for a day or two. But the night- 
flying moths which gather nectar have 




1, Evening primrose showing buds, one 
ready to open, a flower just opened above at 
the left, an older flower at the right&gt; a fading 
flower and seed capsules below. 2, seed cap- 
sides. Cross section of seed capsule with seeds 
above 




Verne Morton 

Winter rosette of evening primrose 

the first chance, and it is they who carry 
the flower's pollen. 

There are times when we may find the 
primrose blossoms with holes in the 
petals, which make them look very ragged. 
If we look at such plants carefully, we may 
find the culprit in the form of a green 
caterpillar very much resembling the green 
tube of the bud; and we may conclude, 
as Dr. Asa Fitch did, that this caterpillar 
is a rascal, because it crawls out on the 
bud-ends and nibbles into them, thus 
damaging several flowers. But this is only 
half the story. Later this caterpillar de- 
scends to the ground, digs down into it 
and there changes to a pupa; it remains 
there until the next summer and then, 
from this winter cell, emerges an exqui- 
sitely beautiful moth called the Alaria 
florida; its wings expand about an inch, 
and all except the outer edges of the front 
wings are rose-pink, slightly mottled with 
lemon-yellow, which latter color decorates 
the outer margins for about one-quarter 
of their length; the body and hind-wings 
are whitish and silky, the face and an- 
tennae are pinkish. Coiled up beneath the 
head is a long sucking-tube which may 
be unfolded. This moth is the special 
pollen-carrier of the evening primrose; it 
flies about during the evening, and thrusts 
its long, tubular mouth into the flower 
to suck the nectar, meanwhile gathering 
strings of pollen upon the front part of its 
body. During the day, it hides within the 



490 



PLANTS 



partially closed flower, thus carrying the 
pollen to the ripened stigmas, its colors 
meanwhile protecting it almost com- 
pletely from observation. The fading pet- 
als of the primrose turn pinkish, and the 
pink color of the moth renders it invisible 
when in the old flowers, while the lemon- 
yellow tips of its wings, protruding from 
a flower still fresh and yellow, form an 
equally perfect protection from observa- 
tion. 

The evening primrose is an ornamental 
plant in both summer and winter. It is 
straight, and is ordinarily three or four 
feet tall, although it sometimes reaches 
twice that height. It is branched some- 
what, the lower portion being covered 
with leaves and the upper portion bearing 
the flowers. The leaves are pointed and 
lanceolate, with few whitish veins. The 
leaf edges are somewhat ruffled and ob- 
scurely toothed, especially in the lower 
leaves. The leaves stand up in a peculiar 
way, having a short, pink petiole, which 
is swollen and joins the stalk like a bracket. 
The upper leaves are narrower; the leafy 
bracts at the base of the flower grow from 
the merest slender leaflet at the base of 
the bud to a leaf as long as the seed pod, 
when the flower blooms. 

The seed capsules are four-sided, long, 
and dark green. In winter they are 
crowded in purplish-brown masses on the 
dry stalks, each one a graceful vase with 
four flaring tips. At the center of each 
there projects a needlelike point; and 
within the flaring, pale, satin-lined di- 
visions of these urns we may see the 
brown seeds, which are tossed by the win- 
ter winds far and near. The young plants 
develop into vigorous rosettes during the 
late summer and autumn, and thus pass 
the winter under the snow coverlet. 

SUGGESTED READING Holiday Hill, 
by Edith M. Patch; also, readings on 
page 461. 

LESSON 127 

THE EVENING PRIMROSE 

LEADING THOUGHT The pollen of the 
evening primrose is carried by night-flying 
insects. The evening primrose's flowers 



open in the evening; their pale yellow 
color makes them noticeable objects in 
the twilight, and even in the dark. 

METHOD The form of the evening 
primrose may be studied from plants 
brought to the schoolroom; but its specM 
interest lies in the way its petals expand 
in the evening, so the study should be 
continued by the pupils individually in 
the field. This is one of the plants which 
is an especially fit subject for the summer 
notebook; but since it blossoms very 
late and the plants are available even in 
October, it is also a convenient plant to 
study during the school year. The garden 
species is well adapted for this lesson. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Look at the plant 
as a whole. How tall is it? Is the stem 
stiff and straight? Where do you find it 
growing? Does it grow in the woods? 

2. Are the leaves near the base the same 
shape as those at the top of the plant? 
What is their shape? Are the edges 
toothed? What is there peculiar about the 
veins? How do the leaves join the stem? 
How do the leaves which are at the base 
of the flowerstalk look? Those at the 
base of the buds? 

3. Where on the plant do the flowers 
grow? Which flowers blossom first, those 
above or below? Take a bud nearly ready 
to open; what is there peculiar in the ap- 
pearance of the budstalk? What is the 
general shape of the bud? Describe the 
sepals. Look at their tips carefully, and 
see how they hold together. Cut a bud 
across and see how the petals are folded 
within it. 

4. Take an open flower; where are the 
sepals now? Describe the open petals, 
their shape and color. 

5. How many stamens are there? How 
are they placed? What is the shape of 
the anthers? How does the pollen look? 

6. What is the shape and the position 
of the stigma in the freshly opened flower? 
Later? Open the flower-tube and find how 
far down the style extends. Where is the 
ovary? How does the ovary look on the 
outside? Taste the opened tube; can you 
detect the nectar? What sort of tongue 
must an insect have to reach this nectar? 



WILD FLOWERS 



491 



How do the fading flowers look and act? 

j. Describe the seed pod. Cot it across, 
and see how many compartments there 
are within it. How are the seeds arranged 
in it? How 7 do the pods open and how are 
the seeds scattered? 

8. Watch the flower of the evening 
primrose open, and describe the process 
carefully. At what hour did it open? What 
was the movement of the petals? Can you 
see how they unfold in relation one to 



another? How do they get free from the 
sepals? How many minutes are required 
for the whole process of the opening of 
the flower? How many flowers on a plant 
expand during the same evening? Look 
at the open blossoms in the dark; can you 
see them? How do they look? What in- 
sects do you find visiting these flowers? 

9. How long does the primrose blossom 
remain open? How do the young plants of 
the evening primrose pass the winter? 



THE MILKWEED 

Little weavers of the summer, with sunbeam shuttle bright., 
And loom unseen by mortals, you are busy day and night, 
Weaving fairy threads as filmy, and soft as cloud swans, seen 
In broad blue sky-land rivers, above earth's fields of green. 

RAY LAUBANCE 

Is there any other young plant that 
shows off its baby clothes as does the 
young milkweed I When it comes up 
through the soil, each leaf is folded length- 
wise around the stem, flannel side out, 
and it is entirely soft and white and in- 
fantile. The most striking peculiarity of 
the milkweed plant is its white juice, 
which is a kind of rubber. Let a drop of 
it dry on the back of the hand, and when 
we try to remove it we find it quite elastic 
and possessed of all the qualities of crude 
rubber. At the first trial it seems quite 
impossible to tell from which part of the 
stem this w r hite juice comes, but by blot- 
ting the cut end once or twice, we can see 
that the hollow of the center of the stem 
has around it a dark green ring, and that 
outside this is a light green ring. It is 
from the dark green ring encircling the 
stem cavity that the milk exudes. This 
milk is not the sap of the plant any more 
than resin is the sap of the pine; it is a 
special secretion, and is very acrid to the 
taste. Milkweed is seldom eaten by graz- 
ing animals. If a milkweed stem be broken 
or gashed, this juice soon heals the wound. 
If cut across, every vein in every leaf pro- 
duces "milk," and so does every small 
flower pedicel. When the " milk " is by 
chance smeared on cloth and allowed to 
dry, soap and water will not remove it, 




Verne Morton 



Milkweed in blossom 

but it yields readily to chloroform, which 
is a solvent of rubber. 

The milkweed leaves are in stately con- 
ventional pairs; if one pair points east and 
west, the pair above and the pair below 
point north and south. The leaf is beauti- 
ful in every particular; it has a dark green 
upper surface, with veins that join in scal- 
lops near the "border; it is soft to the touch 
on the upper surface, and is velvety below. 




PLANTS 



Leonard K. Beyer 

Milkweed in natural surroundings 

The lens reveals that the white under sur- 
face, or the nap of the velvet ? is a cover 
of fine white hairs. 

The flower of the milkweed is too com- 
plicated for little folks even to try to un- 
derstand; but for the pupils of the seventh 
and eighth grades it will prove an inter- 
esting subject for investigation, if they 
study it with the help of a lens. In ex- 
amining the globular bud, we see the five 
hairy sepals, which are later hidden by 
the five long, pinkish green petals that 
bend back around the stem. When we 
look into the flower, we see five little 
cornucopias which are really horns of 
plenty, since they are filled with nectar; 
in the center of each is a little, fleshy 
tongue, with its curved point resting on 
the disk at the center of the flower. Be- 
tween each two of these nectar-horns can 
be seen the white bordered opening of a 
long pocket like a dress pocket at the 
upper end of the opening of which is a 
black dot. Slip a needle into the pocket 
opening until it pushes against the black 
dot, and out pops a pair of yellow saddle- 
bags, each attached to the black dot which 
joins them. These are the pollen-bags, and 
each was borne in a sac, shaped like a 



vest-pocket, one lying either side of the 
upper end of the long pocket. These pol- 
len-bags are sticky, and they contract so 
as to close over the feet of the visiting bee. 
Since the stalk of the flower cluster 
droops and each flower pedicel droops, 
the bee is obliged to cling, hanging back 
down, while getting the nectar, and has 
to turn about as if on a pivot in order to 
thrust her tongue into the five cornucopias 
in succession; she is then certain to thrust 
her claws into a long pocket, and it pro- 
ceeds to close upon them, its edges be- 
ing like the jaws of a trap. The bee, in 
trying to extricate her feet, leaves whatever 
pollen-bags she had inadvertently gathered 
in this trap-pocket, which gives them pas- 
sage to the stigma. But the milkweed 
flower, like some folks, is likely to overdo 
matters, and sometimes these pockets 
grasp too firmly the legs of the bee and 
hold her a prisoner. We often find insects 
thus caught and dead. Sometimes bees be- 
come so covered with these pollen-bags, 
which they are unable to scrape off, that 
they die because of the clogging. But for 
one bee that suffers there are thousands 
that carrv off the nectar. 




, Milkweed flower, enlarged. 2, Same, more 
enlarged 

a, a, nectar-horns ; p, pocket; o, openings to pocket; 
pollen-bags in place; s' pollen -bags removed 



WILD FLOWERS 

The milkweed pod has been the ad- 
miration of nature students from the be- 
ginning, and surely there are few plant 
structures that so interest the child as this 
house in which the milkweed carries its 
seeds. When we look at a green pod, we 
first admire its beautiful shape; on either 
side of the searn, which will sometime 
open, are three or four rows of projecting 
points rising from the felty surface of the 
pod in a way that suggests embossed 
embroider} 7 -. We open the pod by pulling 
it apart along the seam; and this is not 
a searn with a raw edge but is finished 
with a most perfect selvage. When we 
were children we were wont to dispossess 
these large green pods of their natural 
contents, and because they snapped shut 
so easily, we imprisoned therein bumble- 
bees " to hear them sing," but we always 
let them go again. We now know that 
there is nothing so interesting as to study 
the contents of the pod just as it is. Be- 
low the opening is a line of white velvet; 
at one end 7 and with their " heads all in 
one direction/' are the beautiful, pale- 
rimmed, brown, overlapping seeds; and at 
the other end we see the exquisite milk- 
weed silk with the skein so polished that 
no human reel could give us a skein of 
such luster. If we remove the contents of 
the pod as a whole, we see that the velvety 
portion is really the seed-support and that 
it joins the pod at either end. It is like 
a hammock full of babies, except that the 
milkweed babies are fastened on the out- 
side of the hammock, 

No sooner is our treasure open to the 
air than the shining silk begins to separate 
into floss of fairy texture. But before one 
seed comes off, let us look at the beautiful 
pattern formed by the seeds overlapping 
such patterns we may see in the mosaics 
of mosques. 

Pull off a seed, and with it comes its 
own skein of floss, shining like a pearl; 
but if we hold the seed in the hand a 
moment the skein unwinds itself into a 
fluff of shining threads as fine as spiders' 
silk, and each individual thread thrusts 
itself out and rests upon the air; and al- 
together there are enough of the threads 




Milkweed seed balloons just leaving the shel- 
tering pod 

to float the seed, a balloon of the safest 
sort. If we wreck the balloon by rubbing 
the floss through our fingers, we shall feel 
one of the softest textile fibers spun by 
Mother Nature. 

If we look closely at our seed we see 
a margin all around it. Well, what if the 
balloon should be driven over a stream or 
lake, and the seed dropped upon the 
water? It must then sink unless it has a 
life preserver; this margin that we have 
noted keeps it afloat; if you do not believe 
it, try it. 

If we pull off all the seeds, we can see 
that the velvety support is fiat and that 
all of the seeds are attached to it, but 
before we stop our admiring study we 
should look carefully again at the inside 
of the pod, for never was there a seed 
cradle with a lining more soft and satiny. 



LESSON 128 
THE MILKWEED 

LEADING THOUGHT The milkweed 
when wounded secretes a milky juice 
which is of a rubber-like composition; it 
flows out of the wounded plant and soon 
hardens, thus protecting the wound. Milk- 
weed flowers depend entirely upon insects 
for pollination; the pollen is not a free, 
yellow powder, but it is contained in 
paired sacs, which are joined in V-shape. 




PLANTS 



Milkweeds sending forth their seed balloons 

The seeds are carried by balloons, and 
they can float on water as well. 

METHOD Begin the study of the 
plant when it first appears above ground 
in April or May. Give the pupils the ques- 
tions about the blossom for a vacation 
study, and ask that their observations be 
kept in their notebooks. The study of the 
pods and seeds may be made in Septem- 
ber or October. When studying the milky 
Juice, add a geography lesson on rubber 
trees and the way that rubber is made. 

OBSERVATIONS i . The plant. How 
does the milkweed look as it appears above 
ground in the spring? How are its leaves 
folded when it first puts its head up? Cut 
off a fully expanded plant a few inches 
above the ground. What flows out of the 
stem? Blot off the " milk " and study the 
cross-section of the stem. What is at 
the center? How many layers do you see 
around this center? Can you see from 
which the milkweed juice comes? How 
does the juice feel as it dries on your 
fingers? How does it look when dry? Place 



a few drops on a piece of paper and when 
it is dry pull it off and see if it is elastic. 
Break the edge of the leaf. Does the milky 
juice flow from it? Does it come from the 
veins? Do you think that this is the sap 
of the milkweed? Cut a gash in the milk- 
weed stem and see how the " milk " fills 
the wound. How does this help the plant? 
Do cattle feed upon the milkweed when 
it grows in pastures? Why not? 

2. How are the leaves arranged on the 
stem? How do the upper and under sides 
of the leaves differ? Examine with a lens, 
and see what makes the nap of the velvet. 
What gives the light color to the under 
side? Sketch a leaf showing its shape and 
venation, noting especially the direction 
of the veins as they approach the edge of 
the leaf. 

3. The flower. Where do the flower 
clusters come off the stems in relation 
to the leaves? Does the stalk of the flower 
cluster stand stiff or droop? Take a good- 
sized flower cluster and count the flowers 
in it. What would happen if all these 
flowers should develop into pods? How 
many flower clusters do you find in one 
plant? Which of these clusters opens 
first? Last? 

4. Take off a single bud with its stalk 
or pedicel. Does the milky juice come at 
the break? Is the bud stalk stiff or droop- 
ing? What is its color and how does it feel? 
What is the shape of the bud? How many 
sepals has it? Look at the stalk, sepals, and 
bud with a lens and describe their cover- 
ing. Look for a flower just opening where 
the petals stand out around it like a five- 




MUkweed pod 



WILD FLO\\TERS 



495 



pointed star. What Is their color? What 
happens to the petals when the flower is 
fully expanded? Can you see the sepals 
then? Look straight into the flower. Do 
you see the five nectar-horns? Look at 
them with a lens and describe them. 
Where does the tip of the tongue rest? 
With a lens, look between two of the 
nectar-horns; can you see a little slit or 
pocket, with white protruding edges? 
Note just above the pocket a black dot; 
thrust a needle into this pocket near its 
base and lift it toward the crown of the 
flower, touching the black dot. What 
happens? 

5. Describe the little branched object 
that came out when you touched it with 
a needle. These are the pollen saddlebags 
and each bag comes from a pocket at one 
side of, and above the long pocket. Do 
these saddlebags cling to the needle? 
Look with a lens at some of the older 
flowers, and see if you can find the pollen- 
bags protruding from the long pocket. See 
if you can find how the long pocket is a 
passageway to the stigma. To see how the 



little saddlebags were transported, watch 
a bee gathering nectar. Describe what 
happens. 

6. Since the flowers bend over, how 
must the bee hold on to the flower while 
she gathers nectar from the horns? As she 
turns around, would she naturally pull out 
some of the saddlebags? Catch a bee in a 
collecting tube and see if her feet have 
upon them these pollen-sacs. After these 
pollen-sacs have been gathered upon her 
feet, what happens to them when she 
visits the next flower? Is the opening of 
the long pocket like a trap? Can you find 
on milkweed flowers any bees or other 
insects that have been entangled in these 
little traps and have thus perished? Try 
the experiment of drawing a thread into 
one of these traps and with your lens 
see if the opening closes over it. 

7. How many kinds of insects do you 
find visiting the milkweed flowers? Can 
you detect the strong odor of the flowers? 
How does the inilkw T eed benefit by having 
so many flowers and by offering such an 
abundance of nectar? 


















THE WHITE WATER LILY 

Whence O fragrant form of light, 
Hast thou drifted through the night 
Swanlifce, to a leafy nest, 
On the restless waves at rest. 



Verne Mortem 



Thus asks Father Tabb, and if the % 
could answer it would have to say: 
"Through ages untold have the waves 



upheld me until my leaves and my flowers 
have changed into boats, my root to an 
anchor, and my stems to anchor-ropes." 



496 PLANTS 

There is no better example for teach- 
ing the relation between geography and 

plant life than the water lily. Here is a 

plant that has dwelt so long in a certain 




Egyptian lotus flower and seed vessel 



situation that it cannot live elsewhere. 
The conditions which it demands are 
quiet water r not too deep, and with silt 
bottom. Every part of the plant relies 
upon these conditions. The rootstock has 
but few rootlets; and it lies buried in the 
silt, where it acts as an anchor. Rising from 
the rootstock is a stalk as pliable as if 
made of rubber, and yet it is strong; its 
strength and flexibility are gained by hav- 
ing at its center four hollow tubular chan- 
nels, and smaller channels near the out- 
side. These tubes extend the whole length 
of the stem, making it light so that it will 
float, and at the same time giving it 
strength as well as flexibility. At the upper 
end of the stalk is a leaf or flower, which 
is fashioned as a boat. The circular leaf 
is leathery and often bronze-red below, 
with prominent veins, making an excellent 
bottom to the boat; above 7 it is green with 
a polished surface, and here are situated 
its air-pores, although the leaves of most 
plants have these stomata in the lower 
surface. But how could the water lily leaf 
secure air, if its stomata opened in the 
water? The leaf is large, circular, and quite 
heavy; it would require a very strong, stiff 
stem to hold it aloft, but by its form and 
structure it is fitted to float upon the 
water, a little green dory, varnished inside, 
and waterproof outside. 

The bud is a little, egg-shaped buoy 
protected by its four pinkish brown, leath- 
ery sepals; as it opens, we can see four 



rows of petals, each overlapping the space 
between the next inner ones; at the center 
there is a fine display of brilliant yellow 
anthers. Those hanging over the greenish 
yellow pit, which has the stigma at its 
center, are merely golden hooks. When 
the flower is quite open, the four sepals, 
each a canoe in form, lie under the lily 
and float it; although the sepals are brown- 
ish outside, they are soft white on the 
inside next the flower. Between each two 
sepals stands a large petal, also canoe- 
shaped, and perhaps pinkish on the out- 
side; these help the sepals in floating the 
flower. Inside of these there is a row of 
large creamy white petals which stand 
upright; the succeeding rows of petals are 
smaller toward the center and grade into 
the outer rows of stamens, which are petal- 
like at the base and pointed at the tip. 
The inner rows of stamens make a fine 
golden fringe around the cup-shaped 
pistil. 

It has been stated that pond lilies, in 
the state of nature, have an interesting 
way of opening in the early morning, clos- 
ing at noon, and opening again toward 
evening. If we knew better the habits of 




Seed vessel of white pond lily 

the insects which pollinate these flowers, 
we should possibly have the key to this 
action. In our ponds in parks and grounds 
we find that each species of pond lily 
opens and closes at its own particular 
time each day. Each flower opens usually 
for several consecutive days, and the first 
day of its blooming it opens about an hour 
later and closes an hour earlier than on 



WILD FLOWERS 



497 



the days following. After the lilies have 
blossomed, the flower stem coils in a spiral 
and brings the ripening seeds below the 
surface of the water. After about two 
months the pod bursts, letting the seeds 
out in the water. Each seed is in a little 
bag, which the botanists call an aril, and 
which serves to float the seed off for some 
distance from the parent plant. The aril 
finally decays and the seed falls to the 
bottom where, if the conditions are fa- 
vorable, it develops into a new plant. 

To emphasize the fact that the w r ater 
lily is dependent upon certain geographi- 
cal conditions, ask the pupils to imagine 
a water lily planted upon a hillside. How 
could its roots, furnished with such in- 
sufficient rootlets, get nourishment there? 
How could its soft, flexible stems hold 
aloft the heavy leaves and blossoms to the 
sunlight? In such a situation it would be 
a mere drooping mass. Moreover, if the 
pupils understand the conditions in which 
the w r ater lilies grow in their own neigh- 
borhood, they can understand the condi- 
tions under which the plant grows in 
other countries. Thus, when they read 
about the great Victoria regia of the Ama- 
zon that water lily whose leaves are 
large enough to support a man they 
would have visions of broad stretches of 
still water and they should realize that the 
bottom must be silt. If they read about 
the lotus of Egypt, then they should see 
the Nile as a river with borders of still 
water and with bottom of silt. Thus, from 
the conditions near at hand, we may culti- 
vate in the child an intelligent geographi- 
cal imagination. 

SUGGESTED READING Science Stories, 
by Wilbur L. Beauchamp and Co-authors, 
Book 3; also, readings on page 461. 

LESSON 129 
THE WATER LILY 

LEADING THOUGHT The water lily has 
become dependent upon certain condi- 
tions in pond or stream, and has become 
unfitted in form to live elsewhere. It must 
have quiet waters, not too deep, and with 
silt bottom. 



METHOD The study should be made 
first with the water lilies in a stream or 
pond, to discover just how they grow. 
For the special structure,, the leaves and 
flowers may be brought to the school- 
room and floated in a pan of water. The 
lesson may easily be modified to fit the 
yellow water lily, which is in many ways 
even more interesting, since in shallow 
water it holds its leaves erect while in 
deeper water its leaves float. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where is the water 
lily found? If in a pond, how deep is the 
water? If in a stream, is it in the current? 
What kind of bottom is there to the 
stream or pond? Do you find lilies in the 
water of a limestone region? Why? 

2. What is the shape of the leaf? What 
is the color above and below? What is 
the texture? How is it especially fitted to 
float? How does it look when very young? 

3. Examine the petiole. How long is 
it? Is it stiff enough to hold up the leaf? 
Why does it not need to hold up the 
leaf? How does it serve as an anchor? Cut 
a petiole across and describe its inside 
structure. How does this structure help 
it float? 

4. Examine the open flower. How many 
sepals? How many rows of petals? How 
do the stamens resemble the petals? How 
are the sepals fitted to keep the flower 
afloat? At what times of the day does the 
lily open? At what hours does it close? 

5. Describe the pistil. When the lily 
first opens, how are the stamens placed 
around the pistil? What happens to the 
seed box after the blossoms have faded? 
Does the seed pod float upon the water 
as did the flower? What sort of stalk has 
the flower? How does this stalk hold the 
seed pod below the water? 

6. What sort of seed has the water lily? 
Sketch the seed pod. How does the seed 
escape from it? How is it scattered and 
planted? 

7. What sort of root has the water 
lily? Are there many fine rootlets upon it? 
Why? How does this rootstock serve the 
plant aside from getting moisture? 

8. Imagine a water lily set on a dry 
hillside. Could the stalks uphold the 



498 PLANTS 

flowers or leaves? Is the petiole large 
enough to hold out such a thick, heavy 
leaf? 

9. Judging from what you know of the 



places where water lilies grow and the con- 
dition of the water there, describe the 
Nile where the lotus grows. Describe the 
Amazon where the Victoria regia grows. 



POND WEED 



The study of any plant which has ob- 
vious limitations as to where it may grow 
should be made a help in the study of 




Pondweed 

geography. Pondweed is an excellent sub- 
ject to illustrate this principle; it grows 
only in quiet beds of sluggish streams or 
in ponds, or in the shallow protected por- 
tions of lakes. It has tremendous powers 
of stretching up, which render it able to 
grow at greater depth than one would sup- 
pose possible; it often flourishes where the 
water is from ten to twenty feet deep. 
Often, when the sun is shining, it may be 
seen like a bed of seaweed on the bottom. 
Its roots, like those of most water plants, 
have less to do with the matter of absorb- 
ing water than do the roots of land plants, 
one of their chief functions being to 
anchor the plant fast; they have a firm 



grip on the bottom, and if pondweed is 
cut loose, it at once comes to the surface, 
floats, and soon dies. 

The stem is very soft and pliable and 
the plant is supported and held upright 
by the water. A cross-section of the stem 
shows that its substance is spongy, the 
larger open cells being near the outer edge ? 
and thus helping it to float. The leaves are 
two or three inches long, their broad bases 
encircling the stem, their tips tapering to 
slender points. They have parallel veins 
and ruffled edges. They are dull olive 
green in color, much darker than the 
stems; in texture they are very thin, pa- 
pery, and so shining as to give the im- 
pression of being varnished. No land 
plants have such leaves; they remind us at 
once of kelp or other seaweeds. The leaves 
are scattered along the stems, by no means 
thickly, for water plants do not seem to 
need profuse foliage. 




1, Flower of a pondweed enlarged, early 
stage. 2, Same at later stage 

In blossom time the pondweed shows 
its real beauty. The stems grow and grow y 
like Jack's beanstalk, and what was a 
bed of leaves on the pond bottom sud- 
denly changes into a forest of high plants, 



WILD FLOWERS 



499 



each one standing tall and straight and 
with ever\- leaf extended, as if its stems 
were as strong and stii as ironwood; but 
if a wave disturbs the water the graceful 
undulations of the plant tell the true story 
of the pliant stems. There is something 
that arouses our admiration when we see 
one of these pondweeds grown so straight 
and tall, often three or four yards high, 
with its little, greenish brown flower-head 
above the water's surface. We have spent 
hours looking down into such a submerged 
forest, dreaming and wondering about the 
real meaning of such adaptations. 

Although the stem is flexible, the some- 
what curved, enlarged stalk just below the 
flower-head is rigid; it is also more spongy 
than the lower part of the stem and is 
thus fitted to float the flower. The flower 
itself is one of the prettiest sights that 
nature has to show us through a lens. It 
is a Maltese cross, the four reddish stig- 
mas arranged in a solid square at the cen- 
ter; at each side of this central square 
is a double-barrelled anther, and outside 
of each anther is a queer, little, dipper- 
shaped, green flap. When the anthers 
open, they push away from the stigmas 
and throw their pollen toward the out- 
side. There may be thirty or more of these 
tiny, cross-shaped iowers In one flower- 
head. In the bud r the cup-shaped flaps 
shut down closely, exposing the stigmas 
first^ which would indicate that they ripen 
before the pollen is shed. The pollen is 
white, and is floated from plant to plant 
on the surface of the water; often the 
water for yards will be covered with this 
living dust. 

SUGGESTED READING Field Book of 
Ponds and Streams, by Ann HL Morgan; 
also, readings on page 461. 

LESSON 130 

PONDWEED 

LEADING THOUGHT The pondweed 
lives entirely Mow the water; at blossom 
time, however, it sends up its iowerstalks 
to the surface of the water, and there 
sheds its pollen, thus securing crass-pol- 
lination. 



METHOD As this is primarily a lesson 
that relates to geography, the pondweed 

should be studied where it is growing. It 
may be studied in the spring or fall, and 
the pupils asked to observe the blossom- 
ing, which occurs in late July. After the 
pupils have where it grows, the plants 
themselves may be studied in an aquar- 
ium, or by placing them in a pail or 
basin of water. There are confusing num- 
bers of pondweeds but any of them will 
do for this lesson. The one described 
above is P. perfoliafus. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Where is the pond- 
weed found? Does it e\*er grow out of 
water? Does it ever grow in very deep 
water? Does it ever in swiftly flow- 

ing water? 

2. Has the pondweed a root? Does the 
pondweed to have water carried to its 
leaves, as it would if it were living in the 
air? What is one of the chief of the 
roots to the pondweed? Break off a plant; 
does it float? Do you think it would ioat 
off and die, if it were not held by its root? 

3. Compare the stem of pondweed with 
that of any land plant standing straight. 
What is the chief difference? Why 

the pondweed not a stiff to 

hold it op? Cut the across, and see 

if you can observe why it 

4. Examine the leaves. Are all of them 
below the surface of the water? If 
Ioat, how do they differ in texture and 
form from those submerged? How are 
they arranged on the stem? Are they set 
close together? What is the diierence in 
texture between its leaves and those of 
the jewelweed, dock, or any other land 
plant? If any leaves project out of the 
water are they different in form and tex- 
ture from those submerged? Sketch the 
leaf, showing its shape, its edges, and the 
way it joins die stem. 

5. How far below the surface of the 
water does the pondweed usually He? Does 
it ever rise op to the water's surface? 
When? Have you ever noticed the pond- 
weed in blossom? How does the blossom 
look on the water? Can you see the white 
pollen Boating on the surface of the 
water? Look down into the water and see 



PLANTS 



the way the pondweed stands when in 
blossom. 

6. Study the blossom. Note the stalk 
that bears it. Is the part that bears the 
flower enlarged and stiffer than the stem 
below? Do you think that this enlarged 
part of the "stalk acts like the bob on a 
fish-line? Examine a flower cluster with 
a lens. How many flowers upon it? Study 
one flower carefully. Describe the four 
stigmas at the center. Describe the an- 
thers arranged around them. Describe the 
flap which protects each anther, \\lien 
the anthers open do they discharge the 
pollen toward or away from the stigmas? 

7. What happens after the flowers are 
pollinated? Do they still float? What sort 



of seed capsule has the pondweed? Do 
the seeds break away and float? 

Again the wild cow-lily floats 

Her golden-freighted, tented boats, 

In thy cool caves of softened gloom, 
Overshadowed by the whispering reed, 
And purple plumes of pickerel weed, 

And meadow-sweet in tangled bloom. 

The startled minnows dart in flocks. 
Beneath thy glimmering amber rocks, 

If but a zephyr stirs the brake; 
The silent swallow swoops, a flash 
Of light, and leaves with dainty plash, 
A ring of ripples in her wake. 

4 " BIRCH STREAM/' 
ANNA BOYNTON AVERILL 




Cattails sending off their seed and balloons 



Verne Morton 



THE CATTAIL 



In June and early July, if the cattail 
be closely observed, it will be seen to have 
the upper half of the cat's tail much nar- 
rower and different in shape from the 
lower half as if it were covered with a 
quite different fur. It seems to be clothed 



with a fine drooping fringe of olive yel- 
low. With the aid of a lens, we can see that 
this fringe is a mass of crowded anthers, 
two or three of them being attached to 
the same stalk by a short filament. These 
anthers are packed full of pollen, which is 



WILD FLOWERS 



sifted down upon the pistillate flowers be- 
low by even' breeze; and with even* puff 
of stronger wind, the pollen is showered 
over all neighboring flowers to the lee- 
ward. There is not much use in trying to 
find the pistillate flowers In the plush of 
the cattail. They have no sepals or pet- 
als, and are so Imbedded In thick plush 
that the search Is hardly worth while for 
nature-study, unless a microscope is used. 
The ovary Is rather long, the style slender, 
and the stigma reaches out to the cut- 
plush surface of the cattail. The pupils 
can find what these flowers are by study- 
ing the fruit; in fact, the fruit does not 
differ very much from the flower, except 
that it is mature and is browner In color. 




A cattail fruit with its balloon 

It Is an interesting process to take apart 
a cattail plant; the lower, shorter leaves 
surround the base of the plant, giving it 
size and strength. All the leaves have the 
same general shape, but vary in length. 
Each leaf consists of two parts: the free 
portion, which is long and narrow and flat 
toward its tapering tip but is bent into' a 
trough as It nears the plant, and the lower 
portion, which clasps the plant entirely 
or partially, depending upon whether it 
is an outer or inner leaf. This clasping of 
the stalk by the leaf adds to its strength. 
We almost feel as if these alternate leaves 
were consciously doing their best to pro- 
tect the slender flower stein. The free part 
of the leaves is strengthened by lengthwise 
veins, and they form edges that never tear 
or break. They are very flexible, and there- 
fore yield to the wind rather than defy 
it. If we look at a leaf in cross section, 




Brooklyn Botanic Garden 

Cattail in blossom. The staminate flowers 
are massed at the tip, and the pistillate flow- 
ers which form the i cattail are massed 
lower on the stalk 

we can see the two thick walls strength- 
ened by the framework of stiff veins which 
divide the interior into long cells. If we 
cut the leaf lengthwise we can see that 
these long cells are supported by stiff 7 
coarse partitions. 

Where the leaf clasps the stem, it is 
very stiff and will break rather than bend. 
The texture of the leaf is soft and smooth, 
and its shade of green Is attractive* The 
length of the leaves is often greater than 
that of the blossom stalk, and their grace- 
ful curves contrast pleasantly with its ram- 
rod-like stiffness. It Is DO wonder that 
artiste and decorators have used the cat- 
tail lavishly as a model. It is interest- 
ing to note that the only portion of the 



02 



PLANTS 



leaves injured by the wind is the extreme 

tJ P- 

The cattail is adapted for living in 

swamps where the soil is wet but not un- 
der water all the time. When the land is 
drained, or when it is flooded for a con- 
siderable time, the cattails die out and 
disappear. They usually occur in marshy 
zones along lakes or streams; and such 
a zone is always sharply defined by dry- 
land on one side and water on the other. 
The cattail roots are fine and fibrous and 
are especially fitted, lite the roots of the 
tamarack, to thread the mud of marshy 
ground and thus gain a foothold. The cat- 
tails form one of the cohorts in the pha- 
lanx of encroaching plants, like the reeds 
and rashes, which surround and, by a slow 
march of years, finally conquer and dry 
up ponds. But in this they overdo the 
matter, since after a time the soil becomes 
too dry for them and they disappear, giv- 
ing place to other plants which find there 
a congenial environment. The place where 
I studied the cattails as a child is now a 
garden of joe pye weed and wild sun- 
flowers. 

SUGGESTED READING Tlie Pond Book, 
by Walter P. Porter and Einar A. Hansen; 
also y readings on page 461 . 

THE CATTAIL 

LEADING THOUGHT The cattail is 
adapted to places where the soil is wet 
but not under water; its pollen is scat- 
tered by the wind, and its seeds are 
scattered by wind and water. Its leaves 
and stalks are not injured or broken by 
the wind. 

METHOD As this is primarily a geog- 
raphy lesson, it should be given in the 
field if possible; otherwise the pupils must 
explore for themselves to discover the 
facts. The plant itself can be brought into 
the schoolroom for study. When study- 
ing the seeds, it is well to be careful, or 
the schoolroom and the pupils will be 
clothed with the " down " for weeks. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Where are the cat- 
tails found? Is the land on which they 
grow under water all the year? At any part 



of the year? Is it dry land all the year? 
What happens to the cattails if the land 
on which they grow is flooded for a sea- 
son? What happens to them if the land 
is drained? 

2. How wide a strip do the cattails 
cover, where you have found them? Are 
they near a pond or brook or stream? Do 
they grow out in the stream? \\liy do they 
not extend further inland? What is the 
character of the soil on which they grow? 

3. What sort of root has the cattail? 
Why is this root especially adapted to 
the soil where cattails grow? Describe the 
rootstock. 

4. The cattail plant. Are the leaves ar- 
ranged opposite or alternate? Tear off a 
few of the leaves and describe the differ- 
ence between the lower and the upper end 
of a leaf as follows: How do they differ in 
shape? Texture? Pliability? Color"? Width? 
Does each leaf completely encircle the 
stalk at its base? Of what use is this to 
the plant? Of what use is it to have the 
plant stiffer where the leaves clasp the 
stalk? What would happen in a wind 
storm if this top-heavy, slender seedstalk 
were bare and not supported by the leaves? 

5. Take a single leaf, cut it across near 
where it joins the main stalk and also near 
its tip. Look at the cross section and see 
how the leaf is veined. What do its long 
veins or ribs do for the leaf? Split the 
leaf lengthwise and see what other sup- 
ports it has. Does the cattail leaf break 
or tear along its edges easily? Does the 
wind injure any part of the leaf? 

6. Study the cattail flowers the last 
half of June. Note the part that will de- 
velop into the cat's tail. Describe the part 
above it. Can you see where the pollen 
comes from? The pistillate flowers which 
are in the plush of the cattail have no 
sepals, petals, odor, or nectar. Do you 
think that their pollen is carried to them 
by the bees? How is it carried? 

y. Examine the cattail in fall or win- 
ter. What has happened to that part of 
the stalk above the cattail where the 
anthers grew? Study two or three of the 
fruits, and see how they are provided for 
traveling. What scatters them? Will the 



WILD 



503 



cattail balloons ioat? Would the wind 
or the water be more likely to earn" the 
cattail seeds to a place where they would 

grow? Describe the difference between 
the cattail balloon and the thistle balloon. 

8. How crowded do the cattail plants 
grow? How are they arranged to keep 
from shading each other? In how many 
ways is the wind a friend of the cattails? 

9. How do the cattails help to build 
up land and make narrower ponds 
streams? 

LESSON 131 

A TYPE LESSON FOR A 

COMPOSITE FLOWER 

LEADING THOUGHT Many plants have 
their flowers set close together and thus 
make a mass of color, like the geraniums 
or the clovers. But there are other plants 
where there are different kinds of flowers 
in one head, those at the center doing a 
certain kind of work for the production 
of seed, and those around the doing 

another kind of work. The sunflower. 
goldenrod, asters, daisies, coneflower, this- 
tle, dandelion, burdock, everlasting, and 
many other common iowers have their 
blossoms arranged In this way. Before any 
of the wild flower members of this family 
are studied, the lesson on the garden sun- 
flower should be given, (See Lesson 159.) 

METHOD These flowers may be stud- 
ied in the schoolroom with suggestions 
for field observations. A lens is almost 
necessary for the study of most of these 
flowers. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Can you see that 
what you call the flower consists of many 
flowers set together like a beautiful mo- 
saic? Those at the center are called disc 
flowers; those around the ray 

flowers. 

2. Note that the flowers around the 
edges have differently shaped corollas than 



If Jt^l^'- &amp; r ' f? 



at the center. How do they differ? 

Why could these fie called the banner 
flowers? Why arc they the ray flow- 

ers? How many ray flowers are there in the 
flower-head you are studying? Cut off or 
pull out all the ray flowers see how the 
flower-head looks. Why do you think the 
ray flowers out their banners? Has 

the ray flower any or stamens? 

3. Study the flowers at tlic* center. Are 
they open, or are they unfolded buds? Can 
you make a sketch of how they are ar- 
ranged? Are any of the florets open? What 
is the shape the color of the corolla? 
Can you see the stamen-tubes pushing out 
from some? What color are the stamen- 
tubes? Can you sec the two-parted stigmas 
in others? What color is the pollen? Do 
the florets at the center or at the outside of 
the disc open irst? When they first open, 
do you see the stamen-tube or the stigma? 

4. 'The flower-heads are protected be- 
fore they open with overlapping bracts. 
As the opens, these bracts are 
pushed it. Describe the 

of bracts. Are they set in reg- 

ular. Are they or 

smooth? Do they bluntly, with a short 
point, with a long point, with a spine, or 
with a hook? How do the bracts act when 
the flower-head goes to sleep? Do they re- 
main after the are 

5. Study the fruits. How are they 
scattered? Do they have Is the 
balloon close to the Is it 

to all parts of it? 



THE GOLDENROD 



Once I was 'Called upon to 
children into the field to study autumn 
Sewers. The day we studio! goldenrod. 



I told them the following story on the 

way, 1 found they were 

with the fancy and through it were led 




PLANTS 



Gohlenrod 

to see the true purpose of the goldenrocTs 

blossoming: 

* 4 There ate flowers which live in vil- 
lages cities, but people who also live 

in and cities are so stupid that 

know a flower city when they 

see it. This morning we are going to 

visit a city where the people are 

all dressed in yellow, and where they live 

together in families; and the families all 

live on top of their little, green, shingled 

houses, which are set in even rows along 

the street. In each of these families, there 

are some flowers whose business it is to 

furnish nectar and pollen and to produce 

fruits which have fuzzy balloons; while 

there are other flowers in each family 

which wave yellow banners to all the in- 

that by and signal them with a 

of their own, thus: * Here, right this 

is a lower family that needs a bee or 

a of an insect of some sort to bring 

i! from abroad, so that it can 

Its it will give nectar and 

of In exchange/ Of course, 



if the flowers could walk around like 
people, or fly like insects, they could fetch 
and carry their own pollen, but as it is, 
they have to depend upon insect messen- 
gers to do this for them. Let us see who 
of us will be the first to guess what the 
name of this golden city is, and who will 
be the first to find it." 

The children were delighted with this 
riddle and soon found the goldenrod city. 
We examined cadi little house with its 
ornate, green ** shingles." These little 
houses, looking like cups, were arranged 
on the street stem, right side up, in an 
orderly manner and very close together; 
and where each joined the stem, there 
was a little green bract for a doorstep. 
Living on these houses we found the 
lower families, each consisting of a few 
tubular disc flowers opening out like bells, 
and coming from their centers were the 
long pollen-tubes or the yellow, two- 
parted stigmas. The ray flowers had short 
but brilliant banners; and they, as well 
as the disc flowers, had young fruits with 
pretty fringed pappus developing upon 
them. The ray flowers were not set so 
regularly around the edges as in the asters; 
but the families were such close neighbors 
that the banners reached from one house 
to another. And all of the families on all 
of the little, green streets were signaling 
to insects, and one boy said, 4i They must 
be making a very loud yellow noise/' We 
found that very many insects had re- 
sponded to this call honeybees, bumble- 
bees, mining and carpenter bees, blue- 
black blister beetles with short wings and 
awkward bodies, beautiful golden-green 
chalcid flies, soldier beetles, and many 




A street in goldenrod city 



WILD 



others; and we found the spherical gall 
and the spindle-shaped gall in the stems, 
and the strange gal! up near the top which 
grew among the leaves. 

Unless one is a trained botanist it is 
wasted energy to try to distinguish any 
but the well-marked species of goldenrod; 
for, according to Gray, we have fifty-six 
species, the account of which makes 
twelve pages of most uninteresting read- 
ing in the Manual. The goldenrod family 
is not in the least cliquish; the 
have a habit of interbreeding, to the con- 
fusion of the systematic botanist. 

SUGGESTED READING JsTature and Sci- 
ence Readers, by Edith M. Patch and Har- 
rison E. Howe, Book 2, Outdoor Visits; 
also, readings on page 461. 




132 
THE GOLDENROD 



LEADING THOUGHT In the goWcnrod 

the lower-heads are very small. They at- 
tract the attention of the insects 



D Iw flc&gt; tiv r n 




n rod 



Insect on The one u 

the lower 



they are set closely together the 

stem, thus producing a mass of color. 

METHOD There should be a ex- 

cursion to get as many linds of goldenrod 
as possible. Bring to the schoolroom any 
kind of give further les- 

sons on the flowers there. The following 
observations will out in 

well-marked species, 

OBSERVATIONS i . Use Lesson 131 to 
study the flower, How many ray lowers 
in the hod? How flowers? Are 

the rays arranged as around the 

"as in the asters and daisies? How 
are the set the stems? 

Which flower-heads first at 

the or al the tip of the Do 

the upper stems of the be- 

fore those lower down? 

2. Do the come 
from the of the What is the 
general of the flower branches? Do 
they come off evenly at or 

at one side? Are the 

or short? Make a sketch of the 

of the goldeiirod you are studying, 

3. Is the smooth, downy, or cov- 
ered with bloom? What is its color? In 
cross-section, is it circular or 

4. What is the and form of the 

of the lower leaves? The upper 
ernes? Are they set with or without 
petioles oa the stem? Do they havr a 



5 c6 



PLANTS 







c; 



base? Are the leaves smooth 

or downy? Are they light or dark green? 
5, Field Where do find the 



golden rod growing? Do you find one kind 
growing alone fir several kinds growing 
together? Do you find any growing in the 
woods? If so, how do they differ in shape 
from those in the field? 

6. How many kinds of insects do you 
find visiting goldenrod lowers? Ho\\ 
many kinds of galls do you find on the 
goklenrod stems and leaves? 

-. Study the goldenrods in November. 
Describe their fruits and how they are 
scattered. 

1 am alone with nature, 

Wifii fhe soft September day; 
The lifting hills above me, 

With goldenrod are gay. 
Across the fields of ether 

Flit butterflies at play; 
And cones of garnet sumac 

Glow down the country way. 

The autumn dandelion 

Beside the roadway burns; 
Above the lichened boulders 

Quiver the plumed ferns. 
The cream-white silt of the milkweed 

Floats from its sea-green pod; 
From out the mossy rock-seams 

Flashes the gofcfenrod. 

MARY CLEMMER AMES 



THE ASTERS 



'Let us the 

to the Latin was 

Aster star, of 

all are in 

our 

and The of 

colors is exquisite. The ray lowers 

of many asters are lavender, oar-shaped, 
and are set like the rays of a star around the 
yellow disc flowers; these latter send out 
long, yellow anther tubes, overflowing 
with yellow pollen, and add to the stellar 
of the flower-head. 

And asters by the brooJcside make asters 
in the brook. 

Thus H. H. of these beautiful 

of autumn lowers. But If H, H. 



had attempted to distinguish the species, 
she would have said rather that asters by 
the brookside make more asters in the 
book; for Gray's Manual assures us that 
we have 77 species including widely dif- 
ferent forms, rawing in size, color, and 
also as to the environment in which they 
will grow. They range from woodland 
species, which have a few whitish ray 
flowers hanging shabbily about the yellow 
disc and great, coarse leaves on long, 
gawky petioles along the zigzag stem, to 
the beautiful and dignified New England 
aster, which brings the glorious purple and 
orange of its great flower-heads to decorate 
our hills in September and October. 

Luckily, there are a few species which 
are fairly well marked^ and still more 



WILD FLOWERS 

luckily, it is not of any consequence 

whether we know the species or not. so 
far as our enjoyment of the flowers them- 
selves is concerned. The outline of this 

lesson will call the attention of the pupils 
to the chief points of difference and like- 
ness in the aster species, and they will 
thus learn to discriminate in a general 

way. The asters, like the goldenrods, be- 
gin to bloom at the tip of the branches, 
the flower-heads nearest the central stem 
blooming last. All of the asters are very 
sensitive, and the flower-heads usually 
close as soon as they are gathered. The 
ray flowers are pistillate, and therefore de- 



57 

velop akenes. The akene lias attached to 
its rim a ring of pappus, and is ballooned 
to its final destination. In late autumn the 





2, a disc 



Aster* 



matured flower-heads are fuzzy* with 
ready for invitations from any passing 
wind to fly whither it listeth. 

133 
THE ASTERS 

LEADING THOUGHT There are very 
many different kinds of asters, they 
all have their flowers similarly 

to of the sunflower. 

METHOD Have the pupils collect as 
many kinds of as being 

careful to get the and to take 

notes on where kind found 

that is, whether in the woodlands, by the 
brooksides or in the This les- 

son should follow that on the sunflower. 

OBSERVATIONS i . What was the char- 
acter of the soil and surroundings where 
this aster grew? Were num- 

bers of this kind together? Were 

the flowers wide when you 
them? How soon did close? 

2. How high did the plants stand when 
growing? Were there many flowers, or 
few, on each plant? 

3. Study the lower the 
Describe each as follows: the the 
size, the edges, the way it to 
the stem. 

4. Is the stem many-branched or few? 
Do the branches bearing extend 
in all directions? Are the stems hairy or 
smooth, what is their color? 

5. What is the diameter of the single 
Bower-hod? What is the color of the ray 
flowers? How many ray flowers are there? 
What is the shape of a single ray as com- 



508 



pared with that of a sunflower? What are 
the colors of the disc flowers? Of the 
pollen? Do the disc flowers change color 
after blossoming? 

6, Look at the bracts below the flower- 
head. Are they all the same shape? \\Tiat 
is their color? Do they have recurved tips 
or do they overlap closely? Are they 
sticky? 

7. Take the aster flower-head apart and 
look at it with a lens. In a disc flower. 



PLANTS 

note the young fruit, the pappus, the tubu- 
lar five-parted corolla, the anther-tube, 
and the stigmas. In the ray flower, find 
the young fruit, the pappus, and the 
stigma. 

8. Watch the bees working on asters, 
and find where they thrust their tongues 
to reach the nectar. 

9. Study an aster plant in late autumn; 
describe the akenes and how they are 
scattered. 



THE JEWELWEED 

Jewels for the asking at the brookside, 
pendant jewels of pale gold or red-gold and 
of strange design! And the pale and the 
red are different in design, although of the 
same general pattern. The pale ones seem 
more simple and open, and we may study 




Jewelweed 

them first. If the flowers of the jewelweed 
have been likened to ladies 7 earrings, then 
the bud must be likened to the old- 
fashioned earbob; for it is done up in 
the neatest little triangular knob imagina- 
ble, with a little curly pigtail appendage 
at one side, and protected above by two 
cup-shaped sepals, their pale green seem- 



OR TOUCH-ME-NOT 

ing like enamel on the pale gold of the 
bud. It is worth while to give a glance at 
the stalk from which this jewel hangs; 
it is so delicate and so gracefully curved; 
and just above the twin sepals is a tiny 
green bract, elongate, and following the 
curve of the stem as if it were just a last 
artistic touch; and though the flowers 
fall, this little bract remains. 

It would take a Yankee, very good at 
guessing, to make out the parts of this 
flower, so strange are they in form. We 
had best begin by looking at the blossom 
from the back. The two little, greenish 
sepals are lifted back like butterfly wings, 
and we may guess from their position that 
there are two more sepals, making four in 
all. These latter are yellow; one is notched 
at the tip and is lifted above the flower; 
the other is below and is made into a 
wide-mouthed triangular sac, ending in 
a quirl at the bottom, which, if we test 
it, we shall find is the nectary, very full 
of sweetness. Now, if we look the flower 
in the face, perhaps we can find the 
petals; there are two of them "holding 
arms " around the mouth of the nectar 
sac. And stiff arms they are too, two on 
a side, for each petal is two-lobed, the 
front lobe being very short and the pos- 
terior lobe widening out below into a 
long frill, very convenient for the bee to 
cling to, if she has learned the trick, 
when prospecting the nectar sac behind 
for its treasure. The way this treasure sac 
swings backward from its point of attach- 
ment above when the insect is probing it, 



WILD FLOWERS 

must make the bee feel that the Joys of 
life are elusive. Meanwhile, what is the 
knob projecting down above the entrance 
to the nectar sac, as if it were a chandelier 
in a vestibule? If we look at it with a 
lens, we can see that it is made up of 
five chubby anthers, two in front, one at 
each side and one behind; their short, 

stout little filaments are crooked, bringing A .,_ . ^ 

the anthers together like five closed fingers the opening to the "sac, thus holding the 
holding a fist full of pollen-dust, just ready flower firm while thrusting the head into 
to sift it on the first one that chances to ~~ " " " " " 



509 

heaping it on her leg baskets. It was comi- 
cal to see her contortions to get the pollen 
off her back. The action of these bumble- 
bees in these flowers is in marked contrast 
to that of the large bumblebees and the 
honeybees. One medium-sized species of 
bumblebee has learned the trick of em- 
bracing with the front legs the narrow, 
stiff portion of the petals which encircles 



pass below. Thus it is that the bumble- 
bee gets its back well dusted with the 
creamy-white pollen and does a great busi- 
ness for the jewelweed in transferring it. 
But after the pollen is shed, some day 
the bumblebee pushes up too hard against 
the anthers and they break loose, all in a 
bunch, looking like a crook-legged table; 
and there in their stead ? thus left bare 
and ready for pollen, is the long green 
pistil with its pointed stigma ready to 
rake the pollen out of the fur of - any 
bumblebee that calls. 

The red-gold jewelweed is quite dif- 
ferent in shape from the pale species. The 
sepal sac is not nearly so flaring at the 
mouth, and the nectar-spur is half as long 
as the sac and curves and curls beneath 
the flower. The shape of the nectar-spur 
suggests that an insect with a long, flexible 
sucking-tube that could curl around and 
probe it to the bottom would be most 
successful in securing the nectar; and 
some butterflies do avail themselves of 
the contents of this bronze pitcher. Mr. 
Mathews mentions the black swallowtail 
butterfly and I have seen the yellow road- 
side butterfly partaking of the nectar. But 
I am sure that the flowers wiiich I have 
had under observation are the special 
partners of a small species of bumblebee, 
which visits these flowers with avidity, 
celerity, and certainty, plunging into the 
nectar sac '"like a shot/' and out again 
and in again so rapidly that the eye can 
hardly follow. One day, one of them ac- 
commodatingly alighted on a leaf near 
me, while she combed from her fur a 
creamy-white mass of pollen, which 
matched in color the fuzz on her back, 



the sac. The huge species black with 
very yellow plush does not attempt to 
get the nectar in a legitimate manner* but 
systematically alights, back downward, be- 
low the sac of the flower, with head to- 
ward the curved spur, and cuts open the 
sac for the nectar. A nectar-robber of the 
most pronounced type! The honeybees, 
Italian hybrids, are the most awkward in 
their attempts to get nectar from these 
flowers; they attempt to alight on the 
expanded portion of the petals and almost 
invariably slide off between the two petals. 
They then circle around and finally suc- 
ceed, as a ra!e ? in gaining a foothold and 
securing the nectar. But the niidget bum- 
blebees in probing the orange jewelweed 
show a savoir faire that is convincing; 
they are so small that they are quite out 
of sight when in the nectar sacs. 

The jewelweed flowers of the pale spe- 
cies and the pale flowers of the orange 
species for this latter has sometimes 
pale yellow flowers are not invariably 
marked with freckles in the nectar sac. 
But the most common forms are thus 
speckled. The orange jewelweed flower 
is a model for an artist in its strange, 
graceful form and its color combination 
of yellow spotted and marbled with red. 

Gray's Manual states that in the jewel- 
weeds are often flowers of two sorts: ** The 
large ones which seldom ripen seeds, and 
very small ones which are fertilized early 
in the bud, their floial envelopes never 
expanding but forced off by the growing 
pod and carried upward on its apex." My 
jewelweed patch has not given me the 
pleasure of observing these two kinds of 
flowers; my plants blossom luxuriously 
and profusely, and a large proportion 



5 io 




u** f1 ic fitter* dtM.l&lt;*p HXCL The little, 
^tra^ht, dfjittjittd *i:cd pod!*- are 4ttptd 
prettify JEt 1 JKvMint quite plump frmn 
the Hxds vuthin them. Impatient? 

We ay so! This 

so and we 

It of so touchy, at 

the jar It is ripe, splits 

parts, all 

of at the end 

fly up in what was the 

lip of the but which now like 

a five arms. 

this act the fat, 

the 

and to for 

growth the following spring. This sur- 
prising of its is the 
origin of the touch-me-not, 

the scientific by 

are known, 

The lias other cel- 

andine silver-leal ladies'-ear- 

drop. It is an annual with a slight 
surface-spreading growth of roots, seeming 
scarcely strong to the 



PLANTS 

"" branching stems, did not the plants have 
the ktbit of sruwinc in a toummnitv, each 
he! pi nil to support IN neighbor. Hie stern 
is rmiiu'l, hollow, and much swollen at the 
^ joint; it i". tn!ri, : .!iicent filled with mois- 
ture, and its outer covering is a smooth 
silki! skin, which may he readily stripped 
off. Both species of jewelwecd vary in the 
color of their stems, some being green, 
others reel some dark purple; and all 
the differing colors may be found within 
a few yards of each other. 

The leaves are alternate, dark green 
above and a lighter shade Mow, ovate in 
form with scalloped edges, with midrib 
and veins very prominent beneath and 
depressed on the upper side; they are 
smooth on both sides to the unaided eye, 
but with a lens a film of fine, short hairs 
may l&gt;e seen, particularly on the under 
side. When plunged beneath dear water, 
j thev immediately take on the appearance 
*/* - of burnished silver; when removed, no 
drop remains on their surface. 

The flowerstalks from the axils 

of the leaves and are very slender and 
threadlike, and the lowers nod and swing 
witli every breeze. They grow in open, 
drooping clusters, few blossoms open at a 
time, and with buds seed capsules 
present in various stages of growth. 

The jewel weed is involuntarily most 
hospitable, and always houses many 
guests. Galls are formed on the leaves 
flowers; the hollow steins are in- 
habited by stalk-borers; leaf-miners live 
between the upper and under surfaces 
of the leaves, making curious arabesque 
patterns initials as if embroidering 

milady's gown. 



LESSON 134 
THE JEWELWEED OR TOUCH-ME-NOT 

LEADING THOUGHT The jewelweed 
be found by the brookside, in 

or in any and well-shaded 

area. If is provided with a remarkable 
contrivance for scattering its far 

afield. It lias no for open sunny 

places, unless they are very damp. There 
are two kinds, growing to- 



WILD 



gether, though the spotted touch-me-not 
(fmpatiens biflora) is said to be 4 more 

widely distributed than Its relative the 
golden or pale touch-me-not ! Impaticns 
paJIida ') . 

METHOD The jewel weed should be 
studied where they arc growing; but if 
this is impracticable, a bouquet of both 
kinds (if possible), bearing buds, blos- 
soms, and seed capsules, and one or two 
plants with roots, may be brought to the 
schoolroom. 

In the fields the children may see how 
well the plant is provided with means to 
sustain itself in its chosen ground, 
thus be prompted to look with keener 
eyes at other common weeds. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Do you think the 
jewelweed is an annual, sustaining life in 
its seeds during winter, or do its roots 
survive? 

2. Do the roots strike deeply into the 
soi! 7 or spread near the surface? 

3. Study the stem; is it hard and woody 
or juicy and translucent, rough or smooth, 
solid or hollow? 

4. Note the shape and position of the 
leaves; do they .grow opposite or alter- 
nately on the stalk? Are their en- 
tire, toothed, or scalloped? Do the}* vary 
in color on upper and lower surfaces? Are 
they smooth or in the least degree rough 
or hair}*? Plunge a plant under clear water 
in a good light and observe the beautiful 
transformation. Does the water cling to 
the leaves? 

5. Where do the flowerstalks spring 
from the main stalk? Do the iowers grow 
singly or in clusters? Do the blossoms all 
open at nearly the same time or form a 



succession of bud, flower, seed on the 
same stem? 

6. Study the parts of the flower. Find 
the four sepals and describe the shape 
and position of each. Describe the nectar 
sac in the nee tar horn. Can \ou find the 
two petals? Can you set 4 that each petal 
lias a lobe near where it joins the stem? 
Find the little knob down 

the entrance of the nectar sac; of what 
is it composed? Look at it with a lens, 

tell how many unite to 

the knob. Where is the pollen and what 
is its color? Wkit insect do you think 
could the at the of 

the sac? Could any insect get at 

the nectar without its 

the flat of the 

boxes? What the 

fall off? Describe how the do the 

work of of the jewelweeds. 

Write or tell as a story own observa- 
tions on the of the 
visiting these flowers. 

7. Carefully a 

touching it; can see the lines 

of between its How 

are there? What the 

pod is touched? Arc the sections 

at the stalk, or at the of 

the pod? Hold a pod at arm's when 

it is discharging its contents measure 

the distance to which the are 

thrown. Of what use is this of 

throwing to the plant? 

8. Describe the in 

color the yellow and the 

jewelweeds. Watch to see if the 
visit both of kinds of 

jewelweed. 



WEEDS 




Chicory enough to make anyone see blue 



W. C. Muenscher 



The worst treed in corn may be corn. 

PROFESSOR I. P. ROBERTS 



Nature Is the farmer. Continually 
she reaps, making all the forces 

of the universe her and helpers; the 

sun's rays, wind, rain snow, insects 
birds, great, even to 

the humble burrowing worms of the earth 
all work mightily for her, and a harvest 
of some kind is absolutely sure. But if man 
interferes and insists that the crops shall 
be only such as may benefit and enrich 
himself, she seems to yield a willing obedi- 
ence, and under his control does im- 
mensely tetter work than when unguided. 
But Dame Nature is an ** eye-servant." 
Let the master relax his vigilance for ever 
so short a time, among the crops of 
his desire will come stealing in the hardy y 



aggressive, and to him useless plants that 
seem to be her favorites. 

A weed is a plant growing where we 
wish something else to grow, and a plant 
may, therefore, be a weed in some loca- 
tions and not in others. Our grandmothers 
considered i4 butter-and-eggs " a pretty 
posy, and planted it in their gardens, 
wherefrom it escaped, and it is now a ted 
weed wherever it grows. A weed may 
crowd out our cultivated plants, by steal- 
ing the moisture and nourishment in the 
soil which they should have; or it may 
shade them out by putting out broad 
leaves and shutting off their sunlight. 
When harvested with a crop, weeds may 
be unpalatable to the stock which feed 



WEEDS 



5 1 ? 



upon it; or in some cases, as with the 

wild parsnip, the plant may be poisonous. 

Each weed has Its own wav of winning 

in the struggle with our crops, and it bef- 

hooves us to find that way as soon as pos- 
sible in order to circumvent it. This we 
can do only by a careful study of the pe- 
culiarities of the species. To do this we 
must know the plant's life history; 
whether it is an annual, surviving; the 
winter only in its seeds; or a biennial 
storing in fleshy root or in broad, green, 
leaf}- rosette the food drawn from the soil 
and air during the irst season, to perfect 
its fruitage in the second year; or a peren- 
nial, surviving and springing up to spread 
its kind and pester the farmer year after 
year, unless he can destroy it 4i root and 
branch/' Purslane is an example of the 
first class, burdock or mullein of the sec- 
ond, and the field sorrel or Canada thistle 
of the third. According to their nature the 
farmer must use different means of ex- 
termination; he must strive to hinder the 
annuals and biennials from forming any 
seed whatever; and where perennials have 
made themselves a pest, he must put in a 
"hoed crop," requiring such constant 
and thorough tillage that the weed roots 
will be deprived of all starchy food manu- 
factured by green leaves and be starved 
out. Especially, every one who plants a 
garden should know how the weeds look 
when young, for seedlings of all kinds 
are delicate and easy to kill before their 
roots are well established, 

SUGGESTED READING A Manual of 
Weeds, by Ada E. Georgia; Weeds, by 
W. C. Muenscher; also, readings on 
459 and 461. 

LESSON 155 
OUTLINE FOR THE STUDY OF A WEED 

i. Why do we call a plant a weal? Is a 
weed a weed wherever it grows? How 
about " botter-and-eggs " when it grew in 
Grandmothers garden? Why do we call 
that a weed now? What did. Grandmother 
call it? 



2. \\1iy must we study the habits of a 
weed before we know how to fight if? 

We should a*&gt;k of every weed in our 
garden or on our Line! the following ques- 
tions, and let it answer them through our 
observations in order to know why the 
weed grows where it chooses, despite our 
efforts. 

3. How did this weed itself where 
! find it growing? By what agency was its 

brought and 

4. What kind of has it? If it has a 

like the mullein, what 
does it derive it? If it has a spreading 
shallow-growing root like the purslane, 
what it gain? If it has a 

creeping with 

the Canada thistle, is it thereby 

helped? 

5. Is the woody or fleshy? Is it 
erect or or Does it 

any the character 

of its stem? 

6. Note carefully the Are 
eaten by grazing animals? Are they cov- 
ered with prickles like the or 
like the mullein, or are they bitter 
acrid like the wild carrot? 

7. Study the blossoms. How early 
the weed bloom? How long it 
in bloom? How arc the flower buds 
the ripening seeds protected? 

8. Does it many seeds? Are 
ripened at the or are 
ripened during a period? Of what 

is this? How are the scat- 
tered, carried, planted? Compute how 
many one of this 
in one year. 

9. \Vhat are in a 

may do to our 

crops? 

That which ye sow ye reap. Sec 

The was the 

Was corn. The Silence and the 
know! 

EDWIN ARNOLD 



514 



PLANTS 



POISON IVY 1 



Poison ivy may be found creeping over 
the ground, climbing as a vine, attached 
by aerial rootlets in trees, walls, or fences. 
or growing erect as a shrub. The alternate, 
compound leaves are up of three 




this has given rise to the line 

let it be. 

the fall and winter, the can 

be by the presence of 

clusters of white, berry-like fruits. 

It is from the 

or Virginia creepers which 

up of five or more leaf- 

1 year thousands of people 

throughout the country suffer froia the eflfcets 
of poison ivy, the editors Iiave it well 

to include her* 1 a nummary of the treatment 
recommended In Cornell Extension Bulletin, 
Ivy Poison by Professor 

W. C. Muenscher. 



lets and in late summer have clusters of 
blue berries. 

PREVENTION OF IVY POISONING AFTER 
CONTACT WITH THE PLANT 

Wash the hands, the face, or affected 
parts in a solution of 5 per cent Iron chlo- 
ride in a half-and-half mixture of alcohol 
and water. If this solution is applied be- 
fore or immediately after going into a 
region where poison ivy is known to grow 
no harmful effects need be expected. This 
reined}" is nonpoisonous and inexpensive 
and it can be obtained at almost any drag 
store. 

If the iron chloride is not available, 
considerable protection from the effects 
of exposure to poison ivy may be secured 
by thoroughly washing the skin of the 
affected parts several times with hot water 
and a laundry soap that contains an excess 
of free alkali. Use a heavy lather and 
rinse off at least three or four times. 

CURATIVE TREATMENT WHEN 
POISONING HAS BEGUN 

Soaking in hot water usually gives re- 
lief. The application of baking soda, one 
or two teaspoons to a cup of water, is 
often effective in relieving the pain caused 
by the inflammation. To soothe the pain 
and prevent the general spread of the in- 
flammation, fluid extract of Grindelia di- 
luted with six to ten parts of water is 
recommended. This may be applied with 
a clean bandage, which should be kept 
moist and frequently changed. 

Do not apply ointment or other oily 
substances until after the poison has ex- 
hausted itself. Sugar of lead is not recom- 
mended. 

If the case of poisoning is a severe one, 
it is to consult a physician before 

attempting to use any remedy. 



WEEDS 



5*5 




W, C. MttcBKfaer, Ivy Swntus, Cornell Bulletin 111 



of ivy 






1 Foia ivy, R/tm foxfrnffrctfrcm. Lfwlstallc b*rmg; three leaffets; fasdff vi!*I?, 2, Vi*gcua nwrer, Prrthrrr- 

quinqMf&amp;lm, Leafstalk bwriog I5ve Ifiets. 3 Bilky doRWd rontuji aw MV^IA. Lesiii''*^ wi*h urn* blade, 
leaven oppwrt?. 4 T FwMptaiit pirmsic, J?liuf r4Kadc*i*. Leafstalk, !*tanng thrve ieaSrts; I&gt;JUB hidden unfit r boK of 
leafstalk. 5, Poison snme Rhw twnfx. llumva letfatalk bnnR pww&amp;l leafi^s with PH&gt; th si 

bwda visible, $ Dwarf smmac, Rhm ^larpn of Imfirts sm^* th or tr^thed. laf axa wmgnl, 7, 

sumac, Mkm elakm, Margin of tcwthrd, bidden under tmv of Iifta!te. S, Stahni var.Ar 

ty^hmm* Lti 7, hut Iav twigar are fealty. I, Mountain asli, Ssirfon rmmrnBC, Margin of !**Si*tR tootht*i; 
buds 10. Blaefc msh Mtmh. and oppttfite* 11 Elderberrj^ Sambucot 

Live buds oppte 



5 i6 



PLAXTS 



COMMON OR FIELD BUTTERCUP 

The buttercups, bright-eyed and bold 

Held tip fhcir ekilkrs of gold 

To the sunshine and the dew. 




Leonard K. Bt yer 



buttercup 

There are widely varying 

of Some of them grow in 

in swamps, some even 

In water. The of butter- 

are but a have white 

On the blossoms 

are very OR they are 

very The or field 

is distributed, is 

the here. 

Common are al- 

in the of the chil- 

dren, they grow in the fields; 

yet the two are so different in 

they to the child 

something of the marvelous differences 
flowers; for the butter- 
is a flower, while the 

is a group of tiny flowers. 
The buttercup are five 

cups, about one-half as long as the petals; 
they are pale yellow with brownish tips, 



but in the globular buds they are green, 
The petals arc normally five in number, 

but often there are six or more; the petals 
are pale beneath, but on the Inside they 

are a most brilliant yellow, and shine as if 
varnished. Probably it is due to this 
luminous color that one child is able to 
determine whether another likes butter 

or not, by noting when the flower is held 
beneath the chin, if it makes a yellow 
reflection; it would be a sodden com- 
plexion indeed that would not reflect yel- 
low under this provocation. Each petal 
is wedge-shaped, and its broad outer edge 
is curved so as to help make a cuplike 
flower; if a fallen petal be examined, a 
tiny scale will be found at its base, as if 
its point had been folded back a trifle. 
However, this is not a mere fold, but a 
little scale growing there; beneath it is 
developed the nectar, 

When the buttercup first opens, all of 
the anthers are huddled in the center, 
so that it looks like a golden nest full of 




W, C. Mnscber 
Of 



WEEDS 



golden eggs. Later the filaments stretch 
up, lifting the anthers into a loose, 
rounded tuft, almost concealing the 
bunch of pistils, which are packed dose 
together beneath even* stigma. Later, the 
filaments straighten baet, throwing the 
anthers in a fringy ring about the 
green pistils; and each pistil sends up a 
short, yellowish stigma. The anthers open 
away from the pistils and thus prevent 
self-pollination to some degree; they also 
seem to shed much of their pollen 
the stigmas are ready to receive it. 

Sometimes petals and sepals fall simul- 
taneously and sometimes first one or the 
other; but they always leave the 
bunch of pistils with a fringe of 

old stamens clinging to them. Later the 
pistils mature, making a globular head. 
Each fruit is a true akene; it is flattened 




has at its a short, recurved 

may serve to It to catch 

a on pas.sers-by. However, the akenes, 

containing the seeds, are largely 
by the winds. 

The in sunny situa- 

tions, in and but 




Buttercup 



Buttercup flower slightly t?t&gt;!nr&lt;?etL Note 
the ncale wtf/iic; the nectar at the hn*w of the 
fa!! ing jwtal 

it cannot the of the woods. 

It is a pretty Its are 

downy the but 

the the a variety of 

on the the lower 

have seven) cut 

divisions, while the 

the 
the longest, the 

of buttercups, are 

its chief but 

in 

136 
THE 

LEADING THOUGHT The buttercup 
the in sonny 

places, "bat is a 

lower, while is a cluster. 

METHOD Buttercups brought by the 
pupils to school for this lesson. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Look at the back 

of a flower of the buttercup. What Is there 

peculiar about the How do the 

look on the buttercup bud? How 

do they later? 

2. Look into the flower. How many 
are there? Are there the num- 
ber of in all the lowers of the same 
plant? What is the shape of a petal? Com- 
pare its upper and lower sides. Take a 



5 i8 

fallen petal and look at its pointed base 
with a lens and note what is there. 

3. How do the stamens look? Do you 
think you can count them? When the 
flower first opens how are the stamens 
arranged? How later? Do the anthers 
open towards or away from the pistils? 

4. Note the bunch of pistils at the 
center of the flower. 'How do the}' look 
when the flower first opens? How later? 

5. When the petals fall what is left? 



PLANTS 

Can you see now how each little pistil 
will develop into an akene? 

6. Describe the globular head of akenes. 

-*. Look at the buttercups' stems. Are 
they as smooth near the base as near the 
flower? Compare the upper leaf with the 
lower leaf, and note the difference in 
shape and size. 

S. Where do the buttercups grow? Do 
we find them in the woods? What insects 
do vou find visiting the flowers? 



THE HEDGE BINDWEED 



I once saw by the roadside a beautiful 
pyramid, covered completely with green 
leaves and beset with pink flowers. I 
stopped to examine this bit of landscape 




Brooklyn Botanic Garden 

Bindweed 

gardening, and for the first time in my 
life 1 felt sorry for a burdock; for this 
burdock had met its match and more in 
standing up against a weakling plant 
which it must have scorned at first, had 
it been capable of this sensation. Its 
mighty leaves had withered, its flower- 
stalks showed no burs, for the bindweed 



had caught the burdock in its hundred 
embraces and had squeezed the life out 
of it. Once in northern Florida our eyes 
were delighted with the most beautiful 
garden we had ever seen, which resolved 
itself later into a field of corn, in which 
everv- plant had been made a trellis for the 
bindweed; there it flaunted its pink and 
white flowers in the sunshine with a grace 
and charm that suggested nothing of the 
oppressor. 

Sometimes the bindweed fails to find 
support to lift it into the air. Then it 
readily mats itself over the grass, making 
a carpet of exquisite pattern. This vine 
has quite an efficient way of taking hold. 
It lifts its growing tips into the air, sway- 
ing them with every breeze; and the way 
each extreme tip is bent into a hook seems 
just a matter of grace and beauty, as do 
the two or three loose quirls below it; but 
when during its graceful swaying the 
hook catches to some object, it makes fast 
with amazing rapidity; later the young 
arrow-shaped leaves get an ear over the 
support, and in a very short time the vine 
makes its first loop, and the deed is done. 
It twines and winds in one way, following 
the direction of the hands of the clock 
from the right, under, and from the left, 
over the object to which it clings. If the 
support is firm, it makes only enough 
turns around it to hold itself firmly; but if 
it catches to something as unstable as its 
own stems, the stems twist until they be- 
come SO' hard-twisted that they form a 
support in themselves. 



WEEDS 



519 



It is rather difficult to perceive the al- 
ternate arrangement of the leaves on the 

bindweed stem, since they twist under or 
over so that they spread their whole grace- 
ful length and breadth to the sun; to the 
careless observer they seem only to grow 
on the upper or outer side of the vine. 
The leaves are arrow-shaped* with two 
long backward and outward projecting 
points, or " ears/' which are often grace- 
fully lobed. Early in the year the leaves 
are glossy and perfect; but many insects 
nibble them, so that by September they 
are usually riddled with holes. 

The flower bud is twisted as if the bind- 
weed were so in the habit of twisting that 
it carried the matter farther than neces- 
sary. Enveloping the base of the flower 
bud are two large sepal-like bracts, 
keeled like a duck's breast down the cen- 
ter; if these are pulled back, it is seen that 
they are not part of the flower, 
they join the stem below it. There are 
five pale green sepals of unequal sizes, so 
that some look like fragments of sepals. 
The corolla is long, bell-shaped, opening 
with five starlike lobes; each lobe has a 
thickened white center; and while its 
margins are usually pink, they are some- 
times a vivid pink-purple and sometimes 
entirely white. Looking down into this 
flower-bell, we find five little nectar wells; 
and each two of these wells are 
by a stamen which is joined to the co- 
rolla at its base and at its anther-end 
presses close about the style of the pistil. 
When the flower first opens it the 

spoon-shaped stigmas close together, push- 
ing up through the anther cluster; later, 
the style elongates, bringing the 
far beyond the anthers. The pollen is 
white, and through the lens looks like tiny 
pearls. 

When we study the maturing 
capsule, we can understand the uneven 
size of the sepals tetter; for after the co- 
rolla with the attached falls, the 
sepals close up around the pisti; the small- 
est, sepal wraps it first, and the 
in order of the matured 
pod; and outside of all, the great, leafy 
beads with 'their strong keels provide pro- 



tection. The has two cells two 
seeds in cell. it is not by 

the spreads; it is the 

running rootstock which, when the plant 

once a start, helps it to cover a 

area. The is a relative of 

the morn ing-glory it will prove an 

interesting study to the two 

in of twining, in the time of day 

of the opening of flowers, the shape 

of the leaves, etc. So far as my own 

observations go, the bindweed flowers 

seem to only the 

of the day, but M tiller says the 

on moonlight nights 

moths. This is an 

for investigation, 

it be by a old to 

observations. 

There are of 

but all in The 

the at the of 

the lower. 



137 
THE BINDWEED 

LEADING THOUGHT There are 

plants which to 

for The Is 

of the it hold of 

is an inter- 
stow. 

It is to 

it but if this Is not 

practical, the vine with Its 
be into the the two 

in 
live positions. of the 

be to the for 

in the 

field. It Is an for 

or water-color drawing. 

OBSERVATIONS i . How the "bind- 
weed get support; so its loves and 
its flowers may out in the sunshine? 

Why its own not support it? 

What would to a plant with such 

a weak stem if it did not twine upon 
other objects? 

2. How does it climb upon other 
plants? Does its stem always wind or twist 



52: 



PLANTS 



In the direction? How does it first 

catch of the other plant? If the sup- 



are there, and how are they set in the 
flower? flow does the pistil look when the 



porting object Is firm, does it wind as often flower first opens? Later? Can you see 
for a given space as when it has a frail the color of the pollen? Can you find 



support? Can you see the reason for this? 
^. Look at the leaves. Sketch one, to be 

you see its beautiful form and 
veins. Note if the leaves are arranged al- 
ternately on the stem, and then observe 
how and why they seem to come from one 
side of the stem. "\\Tiv do tliev do this? 



where the nectar is borne? How many 
nectar wells arc there? 
6. \\liat insects do you find visiting 

bindweed flowers? Do the flowers remain 
open at night or on dark days? 

- T . Study the seed capsule. How is it pro- 
tected on the outside? What next en- 



4. What is there "peculiar" the folds It? Cut a seed capsule Across with all 



flower bud? Look at its stalk careful!}' and 
describe it. Cut it across and look at the 
end with a lens and describe it. Turn back 



its coverings, and see how it is protected. 
How many seeds are there in the capsule? 
S. Has the bindweed other methods of 



two sepal-like bracts at the base of the spreading than by seeds? Look at the roots 

or bud. Are they a part of the and tell what you observe about them, 
flower, or are they below "it? Find the true g. Make a study of the plant on which 

sepals. How many are there? Are they all the bindweed is climbing, and tell what 
the same size? " " - has happened to it. 

5. Examine the flower in blossom. ic. Compare the bindweed with the 

What is its shape? Describe its colors, morning-glory, and notice the differences 

Look into it. How manv stamens and resemblances. 



THE DODDER 




Brooklyn Botanic 

Dodder or love vine 

The dodder, which is also known by 
names as diverse as ** strangle-weed ' y and 
"love vine/* Is a good example of the 



changes that take place in a plant which 
has become a parasite. When a plant 
ceases to be self-supporting, when its gets 
its living from the food made by other 
plants for their own sustenance, it loses 
its own power of food-making. The dod- 
der has no leaves of its own, for it does 
not manufacture or digest its own food. 
Its dull yellow stems reach out in long 
tendrils swayed by ever}' breeze until they 
come in contact with some other plant. 
The tendrils wind about the victim plant, 
always under from the right side and over 
from' the left. They get their hold by 
means of suckers which develop on the 
coiled stem; so firmly are these suckers 
attached that the yellowish stem will 
break before they can be torn from their 
hold. The devilfish uses the suckers on 
its tentacles only to hold fast its prey; but 
the suckers of the dodder penetrate the 
bark of the victim to the sap channels 
where they suck the matured sap which is 
necessary to the life of the host plant. 
The development of the dodder from 



WEEDS 



this point Is an example of the further his- 
tory of a parasite. No sooner has it tapped 
a succulent victim than its now useless 
root and lower portions wither away and 
leave the dodder wholly deprived of con- 
tact with the earth. 

The stems of the dodder are plentifully 
studded with small, dull-white flowers 
tightly bunched. The calyx has five lobes: 
the corolla is globular, with five little lobes 
around its margin and a stamen set in 
each notch. A few of the species have a 
four-lobed calyx and corolla; but however 
many the lobes, the flowers arc shiftless 
looking and are yellowish or greenish 
white; despite its shiftless appearance, 
however, each flower usually matures four 
perfectly good, plump seeds. The 
vessels are globular capsules and develop 
rapidly while the blossoming continues 





Botanic Garfra 



in on of 



They of 

the of this 

of 

get 

the rest; the 

not to test his clover 

for it the 

of its 

There are of 

or less in America. of the 

Is the iax 

live only of 

plants, while any 

Where it flour- 
ishes, it so it 
large yellow in 

out the of its victims. 

138 
THE 
LEADING THOUGHT There are 

which not only other 

plants to hold up, but 



PLANTS 




Leonard K. Beyer 

White or oxeye daisy 

their living by drawing the vital sap from 
the host plants. 

METHOD Bring in dodder with the 
host plant for the pupils to study in the 
schoolroom, and ask them to observe after- 
wards the deadly work of this parasite in 
the fidd. 

OBSERVATIONS i. What is the color 
of the stem? In which direction does it 
wind? 

2. How is the stem fastened to the 
host plant? Tear off these suckers and ex- 
amine with a lens the place where they 
were attached, and note if they enter into 
the stem of the host plant. 

3. How does the dodder get hold of its 



host? Has the dodder any leaves of its 
own? How can it get along and grow 
without leaves? 

4. How do the flowers look through a 
lens? Are there many flowers? Can you 
see the petal lobes and the stamens? 

5. How many seeds does each flower 
develop? How do the seeds look? In what 
way are they a danger to our agriculture? 

I should also avoid the information 
method. It does a child little good merely 
to tell him matters of fact. The facts are 
not central to him and he must retain 
them by a process of sheer memory; and 
in order that the teacher may tnow 
whether lie remembers, the recitation is 
employed, re-cite, to tell over again. The 
educational processes of my younger days 
were mostly of tin's order, the boot or 
the teacher told, I re-told, but the results 
were always modified by an unpredictable 
coefficient of evaporation. Good teachers 
now question the child to discover what 
lie has found out or what he feels, or to 
suggest what further steps may be taken, 
and not to mark him on what he remem- 
bers. In other words, the present-day proc- 
ess is to set the pupil independently at 
work, whether he is young or old, and' the 
information-leaflet or lesson does not do 
this. Of course, it is necessary to give some 
information, but chiefly for the purpose 
of putting the pupil in the way of acquir- 
ing for himself and to answer his natural 
inquiries; but information-giving about 
nature subjects is not nature-study. 
"THE OUTLOOK TO NATURE," 
L- H. BAKJEY 



THE WHITE DAISY 



Every child loves this 9ow r er, and yet 
it is not well understood. It is always at 
hand for study from June until the frosts 
have laid waste the fields. However much 
enjoyment we get from the study of this 
beautiful flower-head, w r e should study the 
plant as a weed also, for it is indeed a pest 
to those farmers who do not practice a 
rotation of crops. Its root is long and 



tenacious of the soil, and it ripens many 
seeds which mingle with the grass seed 
and thus the fanner sows it to his own 
undoing. The bracts of the involucre, or 
the shingles of the daisy-house, are rather 
long, and have parchment-like margins. 
They overlap in two or three rows. In 
the daisy flower-head, the ray flowers are 
white; there may be twenty or thirty of 



WEEDS 



5-3 




A daisy meadow 



Verne Morton 



these, making a beautiful frame for the 
golden-yellow disc flowers. The ray is 
rather broad, veined, and toothed at the 
tip. The ray flower has a pistil which 
shows its two-parted stigma at the base of 
the banner. The disc flowers are brilliant 
yellow, tubular, rather short, with the five 
points of the corolla curling back. The 
anther-tubes and the pollen are yellow; 
so are the stigmas. The arrangement of 
the buds at the center is exceedingly 



pretty. The iowers develop no pappus, 
and therefore the akenes have no balloons. 
They seem in the present day to depend 
upon the ignorance and helplessness of 
man to scatter their akenes far and wide 
with the grass and clover seed which he 
sows for his own crops. It was thus that 
the daisy came to America, and in this 
manner it still continues to flaunt its ban- 
ners in our meadows and pastures. The 
white daisy is not a daisy, but a chrysan- 
themum. It has never been called by this 
name popularly, but has at least twenty 
other common names, among them the 
oxeye daisy, moonpenny, and herb Mar- 
garet. 

LESSON 139 
THE WHITE DAISY 

LEADING THOUGHT The white daisy 
is not a single flower but is made up of 
many little flowers and should be studied 
by the outline given in Lesson 131. 




Yellow daisy or black-eyed Susan 



THE YELLOW DAISY OR BLACK-EYED SUSAN 

These beautiful, showy flowers have ange banners around the cone of purple- 
rich contrasts in their color scheme. The brown disc flowers. The rays are notched 
ten to twenty ray flowers wave rich, or- and bent downward at their tips; each 



524 



PLANTS 



ray flower has a pistil, and develops a 
seed. The disc flowers are arranged in a 
conical, button-like center; the corollas 
are pink-purple at the base of the tube, 
but their five recurved, pointed lobes are 
purple-brown. The anther-tube is purple- 
brown and the stigmas show the same 
color; but the pollen Is brilliant orange, 
and adds much to the beauty of the rich, 
dark florets when it is pushed from the 
anther-tubes. There is no pappus devel- 
oped, and therefore the seeds are not car- 
ried far by the wind. 

The stem Is strong and erect; the bracts 
of the Involucre are long, narrow, and 
hairy, the lower ones being longer and 



wider than those above; they all spread 
out flat, or recurve below the open flower- 
head. In blossoming, first the ray flowers 
spread wide their banners; then the florets 
around the base of the cone open and 
push out their yellow pollen through the 
brown tubes; then day by day the blos- 
soming circle climbs toward the apex 
a beautiful way of blossoming upward. 

LESSON 140 
THE BLACK-EYED SUSAN 

LEADING THOUGHT -This flower should 
be studied by the outline given in Les- 
son 131. 



THE THISTLE 




O. L. Foster 

Bull or common thistle 

On looking at the thistle from its own 
standpoint, we must acknowledge it to be 
a beautiful and wonderful plant. It is like 
a knight of old encased in armor and with 
lance set, ready for the fray. The most 
impressive species Is the great pasture or 



bull thistle (Cirsium pumilum). It has a 
blossom-head three inches across. This is 
not so common as the lance-leaved thistle, 
which ornaments roadsides and fence 
corners, where it may remain undisturbed 
for the necessary second year of growth 
before it can mature its seeds. The most 
pernicious species, from the farmer's 
standpoint, is the Canada thistle. Its root- 
stocks are perennial, and they invade 
garden, grain-field, and meadow. They 
creep for yards in all directions, just deep 
enough to be sure of moisture, and send 
up new plants here and there, especially 
if the main stalk is cut off. Rootstocks 
severed by the plow send up shoots 
from both of the broken parts. Not so 
with the common thistle, which has a 
single main root, with many fibrous 
and clustered branches but with no side 
shoots. 

The stem of the lance-leaved thistle is 
strong and woody, and is closely hugged 
by pricky leaf stems, except for a few 
inches above the root. The leaves are 
placed alternately on the stem; they are 
deep green, covered above with rough and 
bristling hairs, and when young are cov- 
ered on the under side with soft, gray 
wool which falls away later. The spines 
grow on the edges of the leaves, which are 



WEEDS 



deeply lobed and are also somewhat wavy 
and ruffled, thus causing the savage spears 
to meet the enemy in any direction. The 
veins are without spines. Small buds or 
branches may be found at the axils of the 
leaves; and if a plant is beheaded, those 
axillary buds nearest the top of the stem 
will grow vigorously. 

The thistle flowers are purple in color 
and very fragrant; they grow in single 
heads at the summit of the stem, and from 
the axils of the upper leaves. The top- 
most heads open first. Of the individual 
flowers in the head, those of the outer 
rows first mature and their pistils protrude; 
the pollen grains are white. In each flower, 
the corolla is tube-shaped and purple, part- 
ing into five fringelike lobes at the top, 
and fading to white at its nectar-filled 
base. 

The stamens have dark purple anthers, 
united in a tube in w 7 hich their pollen is 
discharged. The pistil, ripening later, 
shoves out the pollen with its stigma, 
which at first is blunt at the end, its two- 
parted lips so tightly held together that 
not a grain of its own flower's pollen can 
be taken. But when thrust far out beyond 
the anther-tube, the two-parted stigma 
opens to receive the pollen which is 
brought by the many winged visitors; for 
of all flowers, the thistles with their abun- 



525 




A floret jrom a thistle flower-head 

dant nectar are the favorites of insects. 
Butterflies of many species, moths, bee- 
tles, and bees especially the bumble- 



bees are the happy guests of the thistle 
blooms. 

The thistles believe in large families; a 
single head of the lance- 1 eaved thistle 



r 




W. C. Baker 



Canada thistle 



has been known to have 116 seeds. Each 
seed is covered by a tight hard shell and 
the whole fruit is called an akene. Very 
beautiful and wonderful is the pappus of 
the thistle; it is really the calyx of the 
flower, its tube being a narrow collar, and 



526 PLANTS 

the lobes being split into the silken floss. 
At the larger end of the akene is a circu- 
lar depression with a tiny hub at its center; 
into this ring, and around the knob, is 
fitted the collar which attaches the down 
to the akene. Hold the balloon between 
the eye and the light, and it is easy to see 
that the down is made of many-branched 
plumes which interlace and make it more 
buoyant. When first taken from its 
crowded position on the flower-head, the 
pappus surrounds the corolla in a straight ? 
close tube; but if placed for just a fe\v 
moments in the sun, the threads spread, 
the filmy branchlets open out, and a fairy 
parachute is formed, with the seed hang- 
ing beneath; if no breath of air touches 
it w r hile spreading, it will sometimes form 
a perfect funnel; when blown upon, some 
of the silken threads lose their places on 
the rim and rise to the center. When 
driven before the breeze, this balloon will 
float for a long distance. When it falls, 
it lets go of the akene as the wind moves 
it along the rough surface of the ground, 
and when it is thus unburdened the down 
fluffs out in every direction, making a per- 
fect globe. 

For the first season after the seed has 
rooted, the thistle develops only a rosette, 
meanwhile putting down roots and be- 
coming permanently established. The 
next season, the flowers and akenes are 
developed, and then the plant dies. 
Would that this fact were true of the 
Canada thistle; but that, unfortunately, 
is perennial, and its persistent rootstocks 
can only be starved out by keeping the 
stalks cut to the ground for the entire 
season. This thistle trusts to its extensively 
creeping rootstocks more than to its seeds 
for retaining its foothold and for spread- 
ing. While it develops many akenes, a 
large number of its seeds are infertile and 
will not grow. 

LESSON 141 

THE COMMON OR LANCE-LEAVED 
THISTLE 

LEADING THOUGHT The thistle is cov- 
ered with sharp spines, and these serve to 



protect it from grazing animals. It has 
beautiful purple flowers, arranged in heads 
similar to those of the sunflower. 

METHOD A thistle plant brought into 
the schoolroom - root and all and 
placed in water will serve well for this 
lesson. The pupils should first be ques- 
tioned about where the thistles are found. 
Any thistle will do for the lesson. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where do you find 
the thistles growing? Do you find more 
than one species growing thickly together? 
Do you find any of the common thistles 
growing in soil which has been cultivated 
this season? 

2. Describe the stalk; is it smooth? Is it 
\veak, or strong and woody? What sort of 
root has it? 

3. Do the leaves grow alternately or 
opposite? Are they smooth or downy on 
one or both sides? Do the spines grow 
around the margins, or on the leaves and 
veins? Are the leaf edges flat, or wavy and 
ruffled? 

4. How does this affect the direction 
in which the spines point? Are the leaves 
entire or deeply lobed? Have they petioles, 
or are they attached directly to the stalk? 

5. Note if any buds or small branches 
are in the axils of the lower leaves. What 
effect does cutting the main stalk seem 
to have on each side shoot? 

6. Do the flower-heads of the thistle 
grow singly or in clusters? Do they come 
from the summit of the stalk, or do they 
branch from its sides? Which blossom- 
heads open first the topmost or those 
lowest on the stalk? Are the flowers 
fragrant? What insects do you most 
often see visiting thistle blossoms? 
Study the thistle flower according to 
Lesson 131. 

7. Carefully study a thistle balloon. 
How is the floss attached to the akene? 
Is it attached to the smaller or the larger 
end? Hold the thistle balloon between 
your eye and the light. Does the down 
consist of single separate hairs, or have 
they many fine branches? How is the down 
arranged when all the flowers are packed 
together in the thistle-head? Take an 
akene^from among its closely packed fel- 



WEEDS 



527 



lows in the thistle-head, and put it in the 
sun or in a warm, dry place where it can- 
not blow away. How long does it take for 
the balloon to open out? \Vhat is its 
shape? Is there any down at the center of 
the balloon or is it arranged In a funnel- 
shaped ring? Can you find a perfectly 
globular thistle balloon with the akenes 
still attached to it? How far do you think 
the thistle balloons might travel? 



8, If a thistle akene Ends a place for 
planting during the autumn, how does the 
young plant look the next season? De- 
scribe the thistle rosette. What growth 
does it make the second summer? \\Tiat 
happens to it then? 

9. \\liy can you not cultivate out the 
Canada thistle as you can the other 
species? Why is it less dependent on its 
akenes for propagation than the others? 



THE BURDOCK 



Psychologists say that all young things 
are selfish, and the young burdock is a 
shining example of this principle. Its first 
leaves are broad and long, with long peti- 
oles by means of which they sprawl out 
from the growing stem in every direction, 
covering up and choking out all the lesser 
plants near them. In fact, the burdock re- 
mains selfish in this respect always, for 
its great basal leaves prevent other plants 
from getting much sunlight when they 
grow near its own roots. One wonders at 
first how a plant with such large leaves can 
avoid shading itself; we must study care- 
fully the arrangement of its leaves in order 
to understand this. The long basal leaves 
are stretched out flat; the next higher, 
somewhat smaller ones are lifted at an 
angle so as not to stand in their light. 
This arrangement characterizes in gen- 
eral the leaves of the plant, for each higher 
leaf is smaller and has a shorter petiole, 
which is lifted at a narrower angle from 
the stalk; and all the leaves are so adjusted 
as to form a pyramid, allowing the sun- 
light to sift down to each part. While 
some of the uppermost leaves may be 
scarcely more than an inch long, the lower 
ones are very large. They are pointed at 
the tip and wide at the base; where the 
leaf joins the petiole it is irregular, bor- 
dered for a short distance on each side 
with a vein, and then finished with a 
" flounce/' which is so full that it even 
reaches around the main stem another 
peculiarity of structure which shuts off 
sunlight from plants below. On the lower 




D. L. Foster 

Common burdock, showing blossom and buds 

side, the leaf is whitish and feltlilce to the 
touch; above, it is a raw green, often some- 
what smooth and shiny. The leaf is in 
quality poor, coarse, and flimsy, and it 
hangs a web of shoddy on its strong 
supporting ribs; its edges are slightly 
notched and much ruffled. The petiole 
and stems are felty in texture; the petiole 
is grooved, and expands at its base to grasp 
the stems on both sides with a certain 
vicious pertinacity which characterizes 
the whole plant. 
The flower-heads come off at the axils 



528 

of the upper leaves, and are often so 
crowded that the leaf is almost lost to 
sight. It is amazing to behold the number 
of flower-heads which develop on one 
thrifty plant. The main stem and the pyr- 
amid of lower branching stems are often 
crowded with the green balls beset with 
bracts which are hooked, spiny, and which 
hold safe the flowers. This composite 
flower-head is a fortress bristling with 
spears which are not changed to peaceful 
priming-hooks, although they are hooked 
at the sharp end, every hook turning to- 
ward the flowers at the center; the lower 
bracts are shorter and stand out at right 
angles, while the others come off at lesser 
angles, graded so as to form a globular 




A burdock floret with hooked bract 



involucre a veritable blockhouse. The 
flower might be a tidbit for the grazing 
animal; but if so, he has never discovered 
it, for these hooks may have kept him 
from ever enjoying a taste. The bracts, 
not only by hooks at the tip, but also by 
spreading out at the bases, make a thickly 
battened covering for the flower-cluster. 

But if we tear open one of these little 
heads, we are well repaid in seeing the 
quite pretty florets. The corollas are long, 
slender, pink tubes, with five, pointed 
lobes. The anther-tubes are purple, the 
pistils and the stigmas white; the stigmas 
are broad and feathery' when they are dust- 
ing out the pollen from the anther-tubes, 
but later they change to very delicate pairs 
of curly Y 7 s. The young akene is shining 
white, and the pappus forms a short, white 
fluff at the upper margin; but this is sim- 
ply a family trait, for the burdock akenes 



PLANTS 

never need to be ballooned to their des- 
tination; they have a surer method of 
travel. When in full bloom, the burdock 
flower-heads are very pretty and the skill- 
ful child weaver makes them into beauti- 
ful baskets. When I was a small girl, I 
made whole sets of furniture from these 
flowers; and then, becoming more ambi- 
tious, wove some into a coronet which \ 
wore proudly for a few short hours, only 
to discover later, from my own experience, 
that great truth which Shakespeare voiced 
" uneasy lies the head that wears the 
crown/ 7 

In winter, the tough, gray stalks of 
the burdock still stand; although they may 
partially break. They insert the hooks of 
their seed storehouses into the clothing or 
covering of the passer-by; and when one 
gets a hold, mayhap a dozen others will 
hold hands and follow. If they catch the 
tail of horse or cow, then indeed they must 
feel their destiny fulfilled; for the animal, 
switching about with its uneasy append- 
age, threshes out the seeds, and unheed- 
ingly plants them by trampling them into 
the ground. Probably some of the live- 
stock of our Pilgrim Fathers came to 
America thus burdened; for the burdock 
is a European weed, although now it flour- 
ishes too successfully in America. The 
leaves of the burdock are bitter, and are 
avoided by grazing animals. Fortunately 
for us, certain flies and other insects ap- 
parently like their bitter taste, and lay 
eggs upon them, which hatch into larvae 
that live all their lives between the upper 
and lower surfaces of the leaf. Often the 
leaves are entirely destroyed by the mi- 
nute larvas of a fly, which live together 
cozily between these leaf blankets, giving 
the leaves the appearance of being af- 
flicted with large blisters. A small moth 
caterpillar finds both food and shelter in 
the ripe fruiting heads. 

The burdocks have long vigorous tap- 
roots, and it is therefore difficult to eradi- 
cate them without much labor. But per- 
sistently cutting off the plant at the root 
will, if the cut be deep, finally discourage 
this determined weed. 



WEEDS 



3-9 



LESSON 142 
THE BURDOCK 

LEADING THOUGHT The burdock 
thrives because its great leaves shade down 
plants in its vicinity, and also because it 
has taproots. It scatters its seed by hooking 
its seed-heads fast to the passer-by. 

METHOD Study a healthy burdock 
plant in the field 7 to show how it shades 
down other plants and does not shade 
itself. The flowers may be brought into 
the schoolroom for detailed study. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Note a young plant. 
How much space do its leaves cover? Is 
anything growing beneath them? How 
are its leaves arranged to cover so much 
space? Of what advantage is this to the 
plant? 

2. Study the full-grown plant. How are 
the lower leaves arranged? At what angles 
to the stalks do the petioles lie? Are the 
upper leaves as large as the lower ones? 
Do they stand at different angles to the 
stalk? 

3. Study the arrangement of leaves on 
a burdock plant, to discover how it man- 
ages to shade down other plants with its 



leaves and yet does not let its own opper 
leaves shade those below. 

4. Study a lower and an upper leaf. 
\\Tiat is the general shape? What peculi- 
arity where it joins the petiole? \\liat is 
the texture of the leaf above and below? 
The color? Describe the petiole and how 
it joins the stem. 

5. Where do the iowers appear on the 
stem? Are there many flowers developed? 
Count all the lower-heads on a thrifty 
burdock. 

6. The burdock has its flowers gathered 
into heads, like the sunflower and thistle. 
Describe the burdock flower-head accord- 
ing to Lesson 131. 

7. \\Tiat insects visit the burdock flow- 
ers? Can you make baskets from the 
flower-heads? 

8. Study the burdock again in winter, 
and see what has happened to it. Describe 
the fruit. How are the fruits carried far 
away from the parent plant? How many 
akenes in a single " house "? How do they 
escape? 

9. Write the biography of a burdock 
plant which came to America as a fruit, 
attached to the tail of a Shetland pony. 



PRICKLY LETTUCE, A COMPASS PLANT 



The more we know of plants, the more 
we admire their ways of attaining success 
in a world where a species attains success 
only after a long straggle. The success of 
prickly lettuce depends much upon its be- 
ing able to live in dry situations and with- 
stand the long droughts of late summer. 
The pale green stems grow up slim and 
tall, bearing leaves arranged alternately 
and from all sides, since between two, 
one of which is exactly above the other, 
two other leaves are borne. Thus, if the 
leaves stood out naturally, the shape of 
the whole plant would be a somewhat 
blunt pyramid. But during the hot, dry 
weather, the leaves do not stand out 
straight from the stem; instead, they twist 
about so that they are practically all in 
one plane, and usually point north and 



south, although this is not invariably the 
case. The way this twisting is accom- 
plished is what interests us in this plant. 
The long spatulate leaf has a thick, fleshy 
midrib, and at the base are developed two 
pointed lobes which clasp the stalk. The 
leaf is soft and leathery and always seems 
succulent, because it retains its moisture; 
it has a ruffled edge near its base, which 
gives it room for turning without tearing 
its margin. Each leaf tips over sidewise 
toward the stem. The ruffled margin of 
the upper edge is pulled out straight when 
the leaf stands in this position, while the 
lower margin is more ruffled than ever. 
Thus, it stands, turning edgewise to the 
sun, retaining its moisture and thriv- 
ing when cultivated plants are dry and 
dying. 



530 



PLANTS 



LESSON 143 
PRICKLY LETTUCE 




Brooklyn Botanic Garden 

Wild lettuce 

It also has another " anchor to the 
windward." A plant so full of juice would 
prove attractive food for cattle when pas- 
tures are dry. The leaves of prickly lettuce 
perhaps escape because each has a row of 
very sharp spines on the lower side of the 
midrib. If we watch a grazing animal such 
as a cow, reach out her tongue to pull the 
herbage into her mouth,, we see that these 
spines repel her. The teasel has the 
same means of warning off meddlesome 
tongues. The prickly lettuce also has 
spines on its stem, and the leaves are 
toothed with spines at their points. 



LEADING THOUGHT The sunshine sets 
the machinery in the leaf-factories going ? 
and incidentally increases evaporation 
from the plant, as it does from any moist 
surface. The wild lettuce plant has the 
edges of its leaves turned to the sun; thus 
they stand in one plane and have less 
surface exposed directly to the sun. The 
leaves are usually directed north and 
south. The lettuce also has spines which 
protect it from grazing animals. 

METHOD The lettuce should be stud- 
ied in the field, and is a good subject for 
a lesson in late summer or September. 
This lesson should supplement the one on 
transpiration. The young plants show this 
arrangement of the leaves best. The flow- 
ers may be studied by the outline given 
in Lesson 131. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where does the 
prickly lettuce grow? What sort of stem 
has it? How are the leaves arranged on 
the stem? 

2. If the leaves stood straight out from 




Cyrus Crosby 

A common compass plant; note the prickles 



WEEDS 

the stem, what would be the shape of 
the plant? How do the leaves stand? Is 
their upper surface exposed to the rays of 
the sun? Which portion of the leaf is 
turned toward the sun? 

3. If the leaves turn side wise and stand 
in one plane, do they stand north and 
south or east and west? How does the 
edgewise position of the leaf protect the 
plant during drought? Why does any 
plant wither during drought? If the leaves 
of the lettuce should extend east and west 
instead of north and south, would thev 



531 



get more sun? (See Lesson on the Sun, 
page 833.) 

4. What is the shape of the lettuce 
leaf? How does it clasp the stalk? Does the 
leaf turn toward the stem or away from it? 

5. How are the leaves protected against 
grazing cattle? How does the cow use her 
tongue to help bring herbage to her 
mouth? How are the prickly spines ar- 
ranged on the lettuce leaf, and in what 
way may these spines protect the lettuce 
from grazing animals? Sketch a leaf show- 
ing its shape, its venation, and its spines. 




Common dandelion 



Hugh Spencer 



THE DANDELION 



This is the most persistent and indomi- 
table of weeds, yet I think the world 
would be very lonesome without its 
golden flower-heads and fluffy seed- 
spheres. Professor Bailey once said that 
dandelions in his lawn were a great trou- 
ble to him until he learned to love them, 
and then the sight of them gave him 
keenest pleasure. And Lowell says of this 
" dear common flower " 



Tis the Spring's largess, which she scat- 
ters now 

To rich and poor dike, with lavish hand. 
Though most hearts never understand 
To take it at God's value, but pass by 
The offered wealth with unrewarded eye. 

It is very difficult for us, when we watch 
the behavior of the dandelions, not to at- 
tribute to them thinking power, they have 



PLANTS 



so many ways of getting ahead of us. I al- 
ways look at a dandelion and talk to it as 
if it were a real person. One spring when 
all the vegetables in my garden were cal- 
low weaklings, I fonnd there, in their 
midst, a dandelion rosette with ten great 
leaves spreading out and completely shad- 
ing a circle ten inches in diameter; I said, 
" Look here. Madam, this is my garden! " 
and I pulled up the squatter. But I could 
not help paying admiring tribute to the 
taproot, which lacked only an inch of be- 
ing a foot in length. It was smooth, whit- 
ish, and fleshy, and, when cut, bled a 
milky juice; it was as strong from the end- 
pull as a whipcord; it also had a bunch of 
rather fine rootlets about an inch below 
the surface of the soil and an occasional 
rootlet farther down; and then I said, 
" Madam, I beg your pardon; I think this 
was your garden and not mine." 

Dandelion leaves afford an excellent 
study in variation of form. The edges of 
the leaf are notched in a peculiar way, 
so that the lobes were, by some one, sup- 
posed to look like lions" teeth in pro- 
file; thus the plant was called in France 
" dents-de-lion " (teeth of the lion), and 
we have made from this the name dande- 
lion. The leaves are bitter, and grazing 
animals do not like to eat them. 

The hollow stalk of the blossorn-head 
from time immemorial has been a joy to 
children. It may be made into a trombone, 
which will give to the enterprising teacher 
an opportunity for a lesson in the physics 
of sound, since by varying its length the 
pitch is varied. The dandelion-curls, which 
the little girls enjoy making, offer another 
lesson in physics that of surface tension, 
too difficult for little girls to understand. 
If the plant is in a lawn, the stem is short, 
indeed so short that the lawn mower can- 
not cut off the flower-head. In this situa- 
tion it will blossom and seed within two 
inches of the ground; but if the plant is 
in a meadow or in other high grass, the 
stalk lifts up sometimes two feet or 
more. We once found two such stems 
each measuring over thirty inches in 
height. 

Before a dandelion head opens, the 



stem, unless very short, is likely to bend 
down, but the night before it is to bloom 
it straightens up; after the blossoms have 
matured it may again bend over, but 
straightens up when the seeds are to be 
cast off. 

It often requires an hour for a dandelion 
head to open in the morning and it rarely 
stays open longer than five or six hours; 
it may require another hour to close. Usu- 
ally not more than half the flowers of the 
head open the first day, and it may require 
several days for them all to blossom. After 
they have all bloomed and retired into 
their green house and put up the shutters, 
it may take them from one to two weeks 
to perfect their akenes. 

In the life of the flower-head the in- 
volucre, or the house in which the flower 
family lives, plays an important part. The 
involucral bracts, in the row set next to 
the flowers, are sufficiently long to cover 
the unopened flowers; the bracts near the 
stem are shorter and curl back, making 
a frill. In the freshly opened flower-head, 
the buds at the middle all curve slightly 
toward the center, each bud showing a 
blunt, five-lobed tip which looks like the 
tips of five fingers held tightly together. 
The flowers in the outer row blossom first, 
straightening back and pushing the co- 
rolla outward; and now we can see that 
the five lobes in the bud are the five 
notches at the end of the corolla. All the 
flowers in the dandelion head have ban- 
ners, but those at the center, belonging 
to the younger flowers, have shorter and 
darker yellow corollas. After a corolla has 
opened, there pushes out from its tubular 
base a darker yellow anther-tube; the five 
filaments below the tube are visible with 
a lens, A little later, the stigma-ramrod 
pushes forth from the tube, its fuzzy sides 
acting like a brush to bring out all the 
pollen; later it rises far above the anther- 
tube and quirls back its stigma-lobes, as 
if every floret were making a dandelion 
curl of its own. The lens shows us, below 
the corolla, the akene. The pappus is not 
set in a collar upon the dandelion seed, 
as it is in the aster seed; there is a short 
stem above the seed which is called the 



WEEDS 



533 



44 beak ?y and the pappus is attached to 
this. 

Every day more blossoms may open; 
but on dark, rainy days and during the 
night the little green house puts up its 
shutters around the flower family, and if 
the bracts are not wide enough to cover 
the growing family, the banners of the 
outer flowers have along their lower sides 
thick or brownish portions which serve 
to calk the chinks. It is interesting to 
watch the dandelion stars close as the 
night falls, and still more interesting to 
watch the sleepy-heads awaken long after 
the sun is up in the morning; they often 
do not open until eight o'clock. 

After all the florets of a dandelion head 
have blossomed, they may stay in retire- 
ment for several days, and during this 
period the flowerstalk often grows in- 
dustriously; and when the shutters of the 
little green house are again let down, what 




a different appearance has the dandelion 
head! The akenes with their balloons are 
set so as to make an exquisite, filmy globe s 




Brooklyn Botanic Garden 

Dandelion, showing stages from bud to " old 



man 



1, Floret of dandelion ; 2, akene of dandelion. 
Both enlarged 

now they are ready to coquette with the 
wind, and one after another all the bal- 
loons go sailing off. One of these akenes 
is well worth careful observation through 
a lens. The balloon is attached to the top 
of the beak as an umbrella frame is at- 
tached to the handle, except that the 
" ribs " are many and fluffy; while the 
dandelion youngster, hanging below, has 
an overcoat arniecl with grappling hooks, 
which enable it to cling fast when the 
balloon chances to settle to the ground. 

Father Tabb says of the dandelion 
"With locks of gold today; tomorrow 
silver gray; then blossom bald." But not 
the least beautiful part of the dandelion 
is this blossom-bald head after all the 
akenes are gone; it is like a mosaic, with 
a pit at the center of each figure where 
the akene was attached. There is an in- 
teresting mechanism connected with this 
receptacle. Before the akenes are fully out 
this soon-to-be-bald head is concave at 
the center; later it becomes convex, and 
the mechanism of this movement lib- 
erates the akenes which are embedded 
in it. 

Each freshly opened corolla-tube is full 
to overflowing with nectar, and much pol- 
len is developed; therefore, the dandelion 
has many kinds of insect visitors. Bet per- 
haps the bee shows us best where the 
nectar is found; she thrusts her tongue 



534 



PLANTS 



down Into the little tubes below the rays, 
working very rapidly from floret to floret. 
The dandelion stigmas have a special pro- 
vision for securing cross-pollination; if 
that fails, they may be self-pollinated; and 
now the savants have found that the pis- 
tils can also grow seeds without any pollen 
from anywhere. It surely is a resourceful 
plant! 

The following are the tactics by which 
the dandelion conquers us and takes pos- 
session of our lands: (a) It blossoms early 
in the spring and until snow falls, pro- 
ducing seed for a long season, (b) It is 
broadminded as to its location, and flour- 
ishes on all sorts of soils, (c) It thrusts 
its long taproots down into the soil, and 
thus gets moisture and food not reached 
by other plants, (d) Its leaves spread out 
from the base, and crowd and shade many 
neighboring plants out of existence, (e) 
Many insects visit it, and so it has plenty 
of pollen carriers to insure strong seeds; 
it can also develop seeds from its own 
pollen, or it even can develop seeds with- 
out any pollen, (f) It develops almost 
numberless akenes, and the wind scatters 
them far and wide and they thus take pos- 
session of new territory, (g) It forms vig- 
orous leaf-rosettes in the fall, and thus is 
able to begin growth early in the spring. 

LESSON 144 
THE DANDELION 

LEADING THOUGHT The dandelions 
flourish despite our determined efforts to 
exterminate them. Let us study the way 
in which they conquer. 

METHOD The study should be made 
with the dandelions on the school 
grounds. Questions should be given ? a 
few at a time, and then let the pupils 
consult the dandelions as to the an- 
swers. 

The dandelion is a composite flower 
and may be studied according to Lesson 
131. All the florets are ray flowers. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where do you find 
dandelions growing? If they are on the 
lawn, how long are their blossom- or seed- 
stalks? If in a meadow or among high 



grass, how long is the blossom-stalk? Is 
the blossom-stalk solid or hollow? Does 
it break easily? 

2. Dig up a dandelion root and 
then explain why this weed withstands 
drought, and why it remains, when once 
planted. 

3. Sketch or describe a dandelion leaf. 
Why was the plant named "lion's 
teeth"? How are the leaves arranged 
about the root? How does this help the 
dandelion and hinder other plants? In 
what condition do the leaves pass the 
winter under the snow? 

4. Take a blossom not yet open. Note 
the bracts that cover the unopened flower- 
head. Note the ones below and describe 
them. 

5. Note the dandelion flower-head just 
open. Which flowers open first? How do 
the buds look at the center? Do all the 
florets have rays? Are the ray flowers of 
the center of the head the same color and 
length as those outside? Examine a floret 
and note the young akene. Is the pappus 
attached to it or above it? 

6. What happens to the dandelion 
blossom on rainy or dark days? Do you 
think that this has anything to do with 
the insect visitors? Do bees and other in- 
sects gather nectar during dark or rainy 
days? 

7. Note at what hour the dandelions 
on the lawn close and at what hour they 
open on pleasant days. 

8. Make notes on a certain dandelion 
plant three times a day: How long does 
it take the dandelion head to open fully 
on a sunny morning? How long does it 
remain open? How long does it take the 
flower-head to close? What proportion of 
the flowers in the head blossoms during 
the first day? What proportion of the 
flowers in the head blossoms during the 
second day? How long before they all 
blossom? Does the flower-head remain 
open longer in the afternoon on some 
days than on others, equally sunny? Does 
the stem bend over before the blossom- 
head opens? 

9. After all the little flowers of a dande- 
lion head have blossomed, what happens 



WEEDS 



535 



to it? Measure the stem, and see if it 
stretches up during the time. How does 
the dandelion look when it opens again? 
Look at a dandelion head full of seed, and 
see how the seeds are arranged to make a 
perfect globe. Shake the seeds off and ex- 
amine the " bald head " with a lens. Can 
you see where the seeds were set? 

10. Examine a dandelion akene with a 
lens. Describe the balloon, the beak or 
stem of the balloon, and the akene. 



11. How early in the spring, and how 
late in the fall, do dandelions blossom? 

12. Watch a bee when she is working 
on a dandelion flower, and see where she 
thrusts her tongue and which lowers she 
probes. 

13. Tell all the things that you can 
remember about the dandelion which 
help it to live and thrive. 

14. What use do we make of the 
dandelion? 



THE PEARLY EVERLASTING 



These wraithlike flowers seem never to 
have been alive, rather than to have been 
endowed with everlasting life. Cattle do 
not often eat them. The stems are cov- 
ered with white felt; the long narrow 
leaves are very pale green, and when ex- 
amined with a lens ? look as if they were 
covered with a layer of cotton which dis- 
guises all venation except the thick mid- 
rib. The leaves are set alternate, and be- 
come shorter and narrower and whiter 




Verne Morton 



toward the top of the plant. All this 
cottony covering tends to prevent the 
evaporation of water from the plant dur- 
ing the long droughts. The everlasting 
never has much juice in its leaves, but 
what it has, it keeps. 

The flowerstalks are rather stout, 
wooly, soft, and pliable. They come off 
at the axils of the threadlike whitish 
leaves. The pistillate and the staminate 
flowers are borne on separate plants, and 
usually in separate patches. The pistillate 
or seed-developing plants have globular 
flower buds ? almost egg-shaped, with a 
fluffy lemon-yellow knob at the tip; this 
fluff is made up of stigmas split at the end. 




The pistillate flower-heads of pearly ever- 
lasting 



1, Pistillate floret; 2, pappus; 3, staminate 
floret. All enlarged 



PLANTS 

of this tassel of lemon- with five little flaps, making a cone at the 



536 

At the center 

yellow stigma-plush, may often be seen 
a depression; at the bottom of this well, 
there are three or four perfect flowers. 
One of the secrets of the everlasting is, 
evidently, that it does not put all of its 
eggs in one basket; it has a few perfect 
flowers for insurance. This pistillate or 




Leonard K. Beyer 

A good stand of pearly everlasting 

seed-bearing flower has a long, delicate 
tube, ending in five needle-like points and 
surrounded by a pretty pappus. The bracts 
of the flower-cluster seem to cling around 
the base of the beautiful yellow tassel of 
fertile flowers, as if to emphasize it. They 
look as if they were made of white Japa- 
nese paper, and when looked at through a 
lens, they resemble the petals of a water 
lily. They are dry to begin with, so they 
cannot wither. 

The staminate or pollen-bearing flower- 
heads are like w r hite birds 7 nests, the white 
bracts forming the nest and the little yel- 
low flowers the eggs. The flower has a 
tubular, five-pointed, starlike corolla, with 
five stamens joined in a tube at the mid- 
dle, standing up like a barrel from the co- 
rolla. The anther-tube is ocher-yellow 
with brown stripes, and is closed at first 



top. Later, the orange-yellow pollen 
bulges out as if it were boiling over. The 
flowers around the edges of the flower disc 
open first. 

LESSON 145 
THE PEARLY EVERLASTING 

LEADING THOUGHT There are often 
found growing on the poor soil in dry 
pastures, clumps of soft, whitish plants 
w r hich are seldom eaten by cattle. There 
is so little juice in them that they retain 
their form when dried and thus have won 
their name. 

METHOD The pupils should see these 
plants growing, so that they may observe 
the staminate and pistillate flowers, which 
are on separate plants and often in sepa- 
rate clumps. If this is not practicable, 
bring both kinds of flowers into the 
schoolroom for study. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where does the 
pearly everlasting grow? Do cattle eat it? 
What is the general color of the plant? 
With what is the stem covered? 

2. What is the shape of the leaves? 
How are they veined? With what are they 
covered? Flow are they placed on the 
stern? What is the relative size of the 
lower and upper leaves? 

3. Do you see some plants which have 
egg-shaped flower-heads, each with a yel- 
low knob at the tip? Take one apart and 
look at it with a lens, and see what forms 
the white part and what forms the yellow 
knob. Do you see other flower-heads that 
look like little white birds 7 nests filled 
with yellow eggs? Look at one of them 
with a lens, and tell what kind of flower- 
head it is. 

4. Except that the pistillate and stami- 
nate flowers are on different plants, the 
flowers of the pearly everlasting should be 
studied according to Lesson 131. 

5. What do you know of the edelweiss 
of the Alps? How does it resemble the 
pearly everlasting? Do you know another 
common kind of everlasting called pussy's 
toes? 



WEEDS 



537 



MULLEIN 

I lite the plants that you call weeds, 
Sedge, hardhaclc, mullein, yarrow, 

Which knit their leaves and sift their seeds 

Where any grassy wheel-track leads 
Through country by-ways narrow. 

LUCY LARCOM 



We take much pride unto ourselves be- 
cause we belong to the chosen few of the 
4i fittest/' which have survived in the 
struggle for existence. But, if we look 
around upon other members of this select 
band, we shall find many lowly beings 
which we do not ordinarily recognize as 
our peers. Mullein is one of them, and 
after w r e study its many ways of " winning 
out " then we may bow to it and call it 
" brother." 

I was wandering one day in a sheep 
pasture and looking curiously at the few 
plants left uneaten. There was a great 
thistle with its sharp spines and the pearly 
everlasting - too woolly and anasmic to 
be appetizing even to a sheep; and besides 
these, there was an army of mullein stalks 
tall, slim, and stiff-necked, or branching 
like great candelabra., their upper leaves 
adhering alternately to the stalks for half 
their length. I stopped before one of them 
and mentally asked, " Why do the sheep 
not relish you? Are you bitter? " I took a 
bite, Nebuchadnezzar-like, and to my un- 
trained taste it seemed as good fodder 
as any; but my tongue smarted and 
burned for some time after ? from being 
pricked by the felt which covered the 
leaf. I recalled the practical joke of which 
my grandmother once made me the vic- 
tim; she told me that to be beautiful, I 
needed only to rub my cheeks with mul- 
lein leaves, an experience which convinced 
me that there were other things far more 
desirable than beauty comfort, for in- 
stance. This felt on the mullein is beauti- 
ful when looked at through a microscope; 
it consists of a fretwork of little, white, 
sharp spikes. No wonder my cheeks were 
red one day and purple the next, and no 




Verne Morton 

Mullein, Note the stone fence in the back- 
ground. Mullein often grows in such places 

wonder the sheep will not eat mullein un- 
less starved! This frostlike felt covering 
not only may make the plant unpalatable 
to grazing animals but may also help to 
keep the water in the leaves from evapo- 
rating. I soon discovered another means 
by which the mullein resists drought, 
when I tried to dig up the plant with a 
stick; I followed its taproot down far 
enough to understand that it was a sub- 
soiler and reached below most other 
plants for moisture and food. Although it 
was late autumn, the mullein was still in 
blossom; there were flowers near the tip 
and also one here and there on the cap- 
sule-crowded stem. I estimated there were 
hundreds of seed capsules on that one 



538 



PLANTS 








1, 2, Mullein flowers in different stages. 3, 

Mullein seed enlarged. 4, A bit of mullein leaf 

enlarged 

plant; I opened one, still covered with the 
calyx-lobes, and found that the mullein 
was still battling for survival; for I found 
this capsule and many others inhabited by 
little brown-headed white grabs, which 
gave an exhibition of St. Vitus dance as I 
laid open their home. They were the 
young of a snout beetle, which is a far 
more dangerous enemy of the mullein 
than is the sheep. 

The mullein plant is like the old woman 
who lived in a shoe in the matter of 
blossom-children; she has so many that 
they are unkempt and irregular, but there 
are normally four yellow or white petals 
and a five-lobed calyx. I have never been 
able to solve the problem of the five 
stamens which, when the flower opens ? 
are folded together in a knock-kneed fash- 
ion. The upper three are bearded below 
the anthers, the middle being the shortest. 
The lower two are much longer and have 
no fuzz on their filaments; they at first 
stand straight out, with the stigma be- 
tween them; but after the upper anthers 
have shed their pollen, these stamens 
curve up like boars 7 teeth and splash their 
pollen on the upper petals, the stigma 
protruding one-sidedly below. Later the 
corolla, with the stamens which are at- 
tached to it, falls off, leaving the stigma 
and style attached to the seed capsule. 

The color of the mullein flowers varies 
from lemon-yellow to white. The fila- 
ments are pale yellow; the anthers and 



pollen, orange. The seed capsule is en- 
cased in the long calyx-lobes, and is shaped 
like a blunt egg. By cutting it in two cross- 
wise, the central core, tough and flattened 
and almost filling the capsule, is revealed, 
and growing upon its surface are number- 
less tiny brown seeds, as fine as gun- 
powder. Later the capsule divides par- 
tially in quarters, opening wide enough 
to shake out the tiny seeds with every 
wandering blast. The seed, when seen 
through a lens, is very pretty; it looks 
like a section of a corncob, pitted and 
ribbed. A nice point of investigation for 
some junior naturalist is to work out the 
fertilization of the mullein flower, and 
note what insects assist. The mullein has 
another spoke in the wheel of its success. 
The seed, scattered from the sere and 
dried plants, settles in any place where it 
can reach the soil, and during the first 
season grow r s a beautiful velvety rosette of 
fuzzy leaves. These rosettes lie flat under 
the snow, with their taproots strong and 
already deep in the soil, and are ready 
to begin their work of food-making as 
soon as the spring sun gives them power. 
SUGGESTED READING Nature and Sci- 
ence Readers, by Edith M. Patch and 
Harrison E. Howe, Book 5, Science at 
Home; also, readings on page 513. 

LESSON 146 
MULLEIN 

LEADING THOUGHT The mullein has 
its leaves covered with felt, which may 




A typical winter rosette of mullein 



WEEDS 



539 



help to retard evaporation. The plant is 
seldom eaten by grazing animals. It has 
a deep root, and thus gets moisture be- 
yond the reach of most other plants. It 
blossoms all summer and until the snow 
comes in the autumn, and thus forms 
many, many seeds, which the wind plants 
for it; and here in our midst it lives and 
thrives despite us. 

METHOD The pupils should have a 
field trip to see what plants are left un- 
eaten in pastures, and thus learn where 
mullein grows best. The flower- or seed- 
stalk, with basal leaves and root, may be 
brought to the schoolroom for the les- 
son. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where does the 
mullein grow? Do you ever see it in 
swamps or woodlands? Do cattle or sheep 
eat it? Does it flourish during the summer 
drought? Look at a mullein leaf with a 
lens and describe its appearance. 

2. What sort of root has the mullein? 
How is its root adapted to get moisture 
which other plants cannot reach? De- 
scribe the flowering stalk. How are the 
leaves arranged on it and attached to it? 
Are there several branching flowerstalks or 
a single one? 

3. Describe the flower bud. Do the 
mullein flowers nearest the base or the 
tip begin to blossom first? Is this invari- 
able, or do flowers open here and there 
irregularly on the stem during the season? 

4. Describe the mullein flower. How 



many lobes has the calyx? Are these cov- 
ered" with felt? How many petals? Are 
there always this number? Are the petals 
of the same size? Are they always regular 
in shape? 

5. How many stamens? How do the 
upper three differ from the lower two? 
Describe the style and stigma. What are 
the colors of petals, anthers, and stigma? 
What insects do you ind visiting the 
flowers? 

6. Describe the seed capsule, its shape 
and covering. Cut it across and describe 
the inside. Where are the seeds borne? 
Are there many? Look at the seed with a 
lens and describe it. How does the cap- 
sule open and by w r hat means are the 
seeds scattered? 

7. Does the mullein grow from the seed 
to maturity in one year? How does it look 
at the end of the first season? Describe 
the winter rosette, telling how r it is fitted 
to live beneath the snows of winter. What 
is the advantage of this habit? 

8. Write a theme telling some ways the 
mullein has of flourishing and of com- 
bating other plants. 

The mullein's pillar, tipped with golden 

flowers, 

Slim rises upward, and yon yellow bird 
Shoots to its top. 

" THE HELL HOLLOW," 

A. B. STREET 



THE TEASEL 



The old teasel stalks standing gaunt and 
gray in the fields, braving the blasts of 
winter, seem like old suits of armor, which 
elicit admiration from us for the strength 
and beauty of the protecting visor, breast- 
plate, and gauntlets, and at the same time 
veer our thoughts to the knights of old 
who once wore them in the fray. Thus, 
with the teasel, we admire this panoply of 
spears, which recall the purple flowers and 
the ribbed akenes. 

Let us study this plant in armor: First, 



its stem is tough, woody, hollow, with 
ridges extending its full length and each 
ridge armed with spines which are quite 
wide at the base and very sharp. It is im- 
possible to take hold anywhere without 
being pricked by either large or small 
spines. The leaves are long, lanceolate, set 
opposite in pairs, rather coarse in texture, 
with a stiff, whitish midrib; the bases of 
the two leaves closely clasp the stem; the 
midrib is armed below with a row of long, 
white, recurved prickers, and woe unto 



PLANTS 




The teasel begins at the middle and blossoms both ways 



the tongue of grazing beast that tries to 
lift this leaf into the mouth. If one pair 
of clasping leaves points east and west, the 
next pairs above and below point north 
and south. 

The flowerstalks come off at the axils 
of the leaves and therefore each pair stands 
at right angles to the ones above and be- 
low. The flowers are set in dense heads 
armed with spines, and the head is set in 
an involucre of long, upcurving spiny 
prongs. If we look at it carefully, the teasel 
flower-head wins our admiration, because 
of the exquisite geometrical design made 
by the folded bases of the spines, set in 
diagonal rows. If we pull out a spine, we 
find that it enlarges toward the base to a 
triangular piece that is folded at right 
angles, holding the flower. Note that the 
spiny bracts at the tip of the flower-head 
are longer and more awesome than those 
at the sides; if we pass our hands down 
over the flower-head we feel how stiff the 
spines or bracts are ? and can hear them 
crackle as they spring back. 

The teasel has a quite original method 
of blossoming. The goldenrod begins to 
blossom at the tip of the flowering 
branches and the blossom-tide runs in- 
ward and downward toward the base. The 



clover begins at the base and blossoms to- 
ward the tip, or the center. But the teasel 
begins at the middle and blossoms both 
ways. Some summer morning we wall find 
its flower-head girt about its middle with 
a wide band of purple blossoms; after a 
few days these fade and drop off., and then 
there are two bands, sometimes four rows 
of flowers in each, and sometimes only 
two. Below the lower band and above the 
upper band, the enfolding bracts are filled 
with little round-headed lilac buds, while 
between the two rows of blossoms the 
protecting bracts hold the precious grow- 
ing seed. Away from each other this dou- 
ble procession moves, until the lower band 
reaches the pronged involucre and the 
upper one forms a solid patch on the apex 
of the flower-head. Since the secondary 
blossom-heads starting from the leaf axils 
are younger, we may find all stages of this 
blossoming in the flower-heads of one 
plant. 

No small flower better repays close ex- 
amination than does that of the teasel. 
If we do not pull the flower-head apart, 
what we see is a little purple flower con- 
sisting of a white tube with four purple 
lobes at the end, the lower lobe being a 
little longer than the others and turning 



WEEDS 



up slightly at its tip; projecting from be- 
tween each of the lobes, and fastened to 
the tube, are four stamens with long white 
filaments and beautiful purple anthers 
filled with large, pearly white pollen 
grains; at the very- heart of the flower, 
the white stigma may be seen far down 
the tube. But a little later, after the an- 
thers have fallen or shriveled, the white 
stigma extends out of the blossom like a 
long white tongue and is crowded with 
white pollen grains. 

But to see. the flower completely we 
need to break or cut a flower-head in" two. 
Then we see that the long white tube is 
tipped at one end with purple lobes and 
a fringe of anthers, and at the other is set 
upon a little green, fluffy cushion which 
caps the ovary; the shape of the ovary in 
the flower tells us by its form how "the 
fruit will look later. Enfolding ovary and 
tube is the bract with its spiny edges, 
pushing its spear outward, but not so far 
out as the opening of the flower. The pol- 
len of the teasel is white and globular, 
with three little rosettes arranged at equal 
distances upon it like a bomb with three 





Teasel flower and fruit enlarged. The 
stigma of a teasel floret muck magnified to 
show the pollen adhering to it. Below are 
pollen graim greatly magnified 



"VWne Morton 

A winter rosette of teasel 

fuses. These little rosettes are the grow- 
ing points of the pollen grains and from 
any of them may emerge the pollen tube 
to push down into the stigma. The teasel 
pollen is an excellent subject for the chil- 
dren to study, since it is so very large; and 
if examined with a microscope with a 
three-fourths objective, the tubes running 
from the pollen grains Into the stigma may 
be easily seen. 

In blossoming, the teasel is not always 
uniform in the matter of rows of lowers. 
There may be more rows in the upper 
band than in the lower, or vice versa; this 
is especially true of the smaller secondary 
blossoms. *But though the teasel flowers 
fade and the leaves fall off, still the spiny 
skeleton stands, the thorny stalks holding 
up the empty flower-heads like candelabra, 
from which the seeds are tossed far and 
wide, shaken out by the winds of autumn. 
But though battered by wintry blasts, the 
teasel staunchly stands; it wiU'often stand 
even until the ensuing summer, its heads 
empty where once were blossom and seed. 
Alas, because of this emptiness, it has 
been debased by practical New England 
housewives into a utensil for sprinkling 
clothes for ironing. 

The spines of one species of teasel were 
in earlier times used for raising the nap 
on woolen cloth, and the plant was grown 
extensively for that purpose. The bees are 
fond of the teasel blossoms and teasel 
honey has an especially fine flavor. 

The teasels are biennial, and during the 
first season develop a rosette of crinkled 
leaves which have upon them short spines. 



54- 



PLANTS 



LESSON 147 

THE TEASEL 



LEADING THOUGHT The teasel is a 
plant in armor. It has a peculiar method 
of beginning to blossom in the middle of 
the flower-head and then blossoming up- 
ward and downward from this point. 

METHOD In September, bring in a 
teasel plant which shows all stages of blos- 
soming, and let the pupils make observa- 
tions in the schoolroom. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where does the 
teasel grow? Is it eaten by cattle? How is 
it protected? 

2. What sort of stem has it? Is it hol- 
low or solid? Where upon it are the spines 
situated? Are the spines all of the same 
size? Can you take hold of the stem any- 
where without being pricked? 

3. What is the shape of the leaves? 
How do they join the stem? Are the leaves 
set opposite or alternate? If one pair 
points east and west in which direction 
will the pairs above and below point? How 
and where are the leaves armed? How does 
the cow or sheep draw leaves into the 
mouth with the tongue? If either should 
try to do this with the teasel, how would 
the tongue be injured? 

4. Where do the flowerstems come off? 
Do they come off in pairs? How are the 
pairs set in relation to each other? 

5. What is the general appearance of 



the teasel flower-head? Describe the long 
involucre prongs at the base. If the teasel 
is in blossom, where do you find the flow- 
ers? How many girdles of flowers are there 
around the flower-head? How many rows 
in one girdle? Where did the first flowers 
blossom in the teasel flower-head? Where 
on the head will the last blossoms appear? 
Where are the buds just ready to open? 
Where are the ripened akenes? 

6. Examine a single flower. How is it 
protected? Cut out a flower and bract and 
see how the long-spined bract enfolds 
it. Would the bract spear deter cattle 
from grazing on the blossom? Where 
are the longest spines on the teasel 
head? 

7. Study a single flower. What is the 
shape of its corolla? How is it colored? 
What color are the stamens? How many? 
Describe the pollen. If the pollen is be- 
ing shed where is the stigma? After the 
pollen is shed, what happens to the 
stigma? 

8. What do you find at the base of the 
flower? How does the young seed look? 
Later in the season take a teasel head and 
describe how it scatters its seed. How do 
the ripe seeds look? 

9. For what were teasels once used? 
How many years does a teasel plant live? 
How does it look at the end of its first 
season? How is this an advantage as a 
method of passing the winter? 



QUEEN ANNE'S LACE OR WILD CARROT 



Queen Anne was apparently given to 
wearing lace made in medallion patterns; 
and even though we grant that her lace 
is most exquisite in design as well as in 
execution, we wish most sincerely that 
there had been established in America 
such a high tariff on this royal fabric as 
to have prohibited its importation. It has 
for decades held us and our lands prisoners 
in its delicate meshes, it being one of the 
most stubborn and persistent weeds that 
ever came to us from over the seas. 

But for those people who admire lace 
of intricate pattern, and beautiful blos- 



soms, whether they grow on scalawag 
plants or not, this medallion flower attrib- 
uted to Queen Anne is well worth study- 
ing. It belongs to the family Umbellifer^, 
which one of my small pupils always called 
" umbrelliferag " because, he averred, they 
have umbrella blossoms. In the case of 
Queen Anne's lace the flower-cluster, or 
umbel, is made up of many smaller um- 
bels, each a most perfect flower-cluster in 
itself. Each tiny white floret has five petals 
and should have five stamens with creamy 
anthers, but often has only two. However, 
it has always at its center a pistil com- 



WEEDS 



posed of two parts set snugly together, 
which rests in a solid, bristly, green, cup- 
like calyx. Twenty or thirty of these little 
blossoms are set in a rosette, the stalks 
of graded length; and where the bases of 
the stalks meet are some long, pointed, 
narrow bracts. Each of these little flower- 
clusters, or umbels, has a long stalk, its 
length being just fit to bring it to its 
right place in the medallion pattern of 





Verne Morton 



Queen Anne's lace or wM carrot 



An inner and a border floret and a bract of 
Queen Anne's lace, enlarged 

this royal lace. And these stalks also have 
set at their bases some bracts with long, 
threadlike lobes, which make a delicate, 
green background for the opening blos- 
soms; these bracts curl up about the buds 
and the seeds. If we look straight into the 
large flower-cluster, we can see that each 
component cluster, or umbellet, seems 
to have its own share in making the larger 
pattern; the outside blossoms of the out- 
side clusters have the outside petals larger, 
thus forming a beautiful border. At the 
very center of this flower medallion, there 
is often a larger floret with delicate, wine- 
colored petals; this striking floret is not 
a part of a smaller flower-cluster, but 
stands in stately solitude upon its own 
isolated stalk. The reason for this giant 
floret at the center of the wide, circular 
flower-cluster is a mystery; and so far as 
I know, the botanists have not yet ex- 
plained the reason for its presence. May 
we not, then, be at liberty to explain its 
origin on the supposition that her Royal 
Highness, Queen Anne, was wont to fas- 
ten her lace medallions upon her royal 
person with garnet-headed pins? 

When the flowers wither and the fruits 
begin to form, every one of the little um- 
bels turns toward the center, its stalk 
curving over so that the outside umbels 
reach over and close over the whole flower- 
head; and the threadlike bracts at the 
base reach up as if they, too, were in the 
family councils, and must do their slender 
duty in helping to make the fading flowers 
into a little, tightfisted clump. Such little 
porcupines as the fruits are! Each fruit is 
clothed with long spines set in bristling 



544 



PLANTS 



rows, and is a most forbidding-looking 

youngster when examined through a lens; 
and yet there is method in its spininess, 
and we must grudgingly grant that it is 
not only beautiful in its ornamentation 
but is also well fitted to take hold with a 
will when wandering winds sift it down to 
the soil. 

The wild carrot is known in some lo- 
calities as the " birdYnest weed/' because 
the maturing fruit-clusters, their edges 
curving inw r ard, look like little birds 7 nests. 




I 

Charles F. Fudge 

Fruiting cluster or " bird's nest " oj wild 
carrot 

But no bird's nest ever contained so many 
eggs as does this imitation one. In one we 
counted 34 tiny umbels on which ripened 
782 fruits; and the plant from which this 
" bird's nest " was taken developed nine 
more quite as large. 

Altogether the wild carrot is well fitted 
to maintain itself in the struggle for ex- 
istence, and is most successful in crowding 
out its betters in pasture and meadow. 
Birds do not like its spiny seeds; the stem 
of the plant is tough and its leaves are 
rough and have an unpleasant odor and an 
acrid taste. Winter's cold cannot harm it, 
for it is a biennial; its seeds often germi- 
nate in the fall, sending down long, slen- 
der taproots crowned with tufts of in- 



conspicuous leaves; it thus stores up a 
supply of starchy food which enables it 
to start early the next season with great 
vigor. The root, when the plant is fully 
grown, is six or eight inches long, as thick 
as a finger and yellowish white in color; it 
is very acrid and somewhat poisonous. 

The surest way of exterminating the 
Queen Anne's lace is to prevent its pro- 
lific seed production by cutting or uproot- 
ing the plants as soon as the first blos- 
soms open. 

SUGGESTED READING Holiday Meadow, 
by Edith M. Patch; also, readings on 
page 513. 

LESSON 148 
QUEEN ANNE'S LACE OR WILD CARROT 

LEADING THOUGHT Queen Anne's 
lace is a weed w r hich came to us from 
Europe and flourishes better here than 
on its native soil. It has beautiful blossoms 
set in clusters, and it matures many 
seeds w r hich it manages to plant success- 
fully. 

METHOD The object of this lesson 
should be to show the pupils how this 
weed survives the winter and how it is 
able to grow where it is not wanted. The 
w r eed is very common along most country 
roadsides, and in many pastures and mead- 
ows. It blossoms very late in the autumn, 
and is available for lessons often as late 
as November. Its fruit-clusters may be 
used for a lesson at almost any time during 
the winter. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Look at a wild car- 
rot plant; how are its blossoms arranged? 
Take a flower-cluster; what is its shape? 
How many small flower-clusters make the 
large one? How are these arranged to make 
the large cluster symmetrical? 

2. Take one of the little flower-clusters 
from near the center, and one from the 
outside of the large cluster; how many 
little flowers, or florets, make up the 
smaller cluster? Look at one of the florets 
through a lens; can you see the cup-shaped 
calyx? How many petals has it? Can you 
see its five anthers and its two-parted 
white pistil? 



3- Take one of the outer florets of the 
outside cluster; are all Its flowers the same 
shape? How do they differ? Where are 
the florets with the large petals placed In 
the big flower-cluster? How does this help 
to make " the pattern "? 

4. Do the outside or the central flowers 
of the large clusters open first? Can you 
find a cluster with an almost black or very 
dark red floret at its center? Is this dark 
flower a part of one of the little clusters 
or does it stand alone, its stalk reaching 
directly to the main stein? Do you think 
it makes the flowers of the Queen Anne's 
lace prettier to have this dark red floret at 
the center? 

5. Take a flower-cluster with the flow- 
ers not yet open. Can you see the thread- 
like green bracts that close up around each 
bud? Can you see finely divided, thread- 
like bracts that stand out around the 
whole cluster? What position do these 
bracts assume when the flowers are open? 
What do they do after the flowers fade 
and the fruits are being matured? 

6. What is the general shape of the 
fruit-cluster of the wild carrot? Have 
you ever found such a cluster broken 
off and blowing across the snow 7 ? Do 
you think this is one way the seed is 
planted? 

y. Examine a fruit of the wild carrot 
with a lens. Is It round or oblong? Thin 
or flat? Is it ridged or grooved? Has it any 
hooks or spines by which it might cling 
to the clothing of passers-by, or to the 
hair or fleece of animals, and thus be 
scattered more widely? Does the fruit cling 
to its stem or break away when it is 
touched? 

8. Take one fruit-cluster and count 
the number of seeds within it. How many 
fruit-clusters do you find on a single plant? 



WEEDS 545 

How many fruits do you therefore think 
a single plant produces? 

9. \\Tiat would you consider the best 
means of destroying this prolific weed? 

10. What do you think is the reason 
that the wild carrot remains untouched, 
so that it grows vigorously and matures 
its seeds in lanes and pastures where cattle 
graze? 

11. Have you noticed any birds feed- 
ing on the fruits of the wild carrot? 



I do not want change; I want the same 
old and Joved tilings, the same wild flow- 
ers, the same trees and soft ash-green; the 
turtle-doves, the blackbirds, the coloured 
yellow-hammer sing, sing, singing so long 
as there is light to cast a shadow on the 
dial, for such is the measure of his song, 
and I want them in the same place. Let 
me find them morning after morning, the 
starry-white petals radiating, striving up- 
wards to their ideal. Let me see the idle 
shadows resting on the white dust; let me 
hear the bumble-bees, and stay to look 
down on the rich dandelion disc. Let me 
see the very thistles opening their great 
crowns I should miss the thistles; the 
reed-grasses hiding the moor-hen; the bry- 
ony bine 7 at first crudely ambitions and 
lifted by force of youthful sap straight 
above the hedgerow to sink of its own 
weight presently and progress with crafty 
tendrils; swifts shot through the air with 
outstretched wings like crescent-headed 
shaftless arrows darted from the clouds; 
the chaffinch with a feather in her bill; 
all the living staircase of the spring, step 
by step, upwards to the great gallery of the 
summer let me watch the same succes- 
sion year by year. 

PAGEANT OF SUMMER/' 
RICHARD JEFFERIES 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



People have always admired the wild 
flowers that grow in the woods and mead- 
ows, and have wanted to be able to bring 
them near their homes. And so when 
someone would see a flower that he 
thought especially beautiful growing in 
field or forest, he would take it from its 
native home and plant it in a garden. If 
others admired it, they would ask for 
seeds, roots, or cuttings; and thus the plant 
would come to many gardens. As many 
wild flowers are beautiful, and as various 
people have varying tastes, in this way 
many kinds of flowering plants have come 
into cultivation. 

But man is seldom content to leave a 
thing as he finds it; and so after a time 
people set about improving upon nature. 
Plant breeders have tried in many ways 
to add to the attractiveness of flowers in 
size, color, and shape. Often they have 
succeeded, and some strains have been 
greatly improved: thus, the aster that 
grows in our gardens is much more elab- 
orate than the natural plant; Shakespeare's 
modest wild eglantine has yielded sixteen 
varieties of sweetbriar. Others, like the 
morning-glory and the calla lily, have 
changed very little during years of culti- 
vation. Perhaps it is well that we have 
not always succeeded in improving upon 
nature; it is pleasant to have cultivated 
elegance and natural simplicity side by 
side. 

Some garden flowers have been popular 
for many years; these we call " old-fash- 
ioned/' They are still popular today; they 
are not out-of-date, like old-fashioned 



clothes; in their case, "old-fashioned" 
means rather that they have stood the 
test of time. Everyone knows the charm 
of an old-fashioned garden. But there are 
also new strains that bid fair to win their 
way and to stand the test as well as the 
older flowers, from which some of them 
have been developed, as the delphinium 
from the old-fashioned larkspur. All of 
them, however, even the most elegant 
newcomer, came originally from some 
wild flower. 

Wild or cultivated, simple or ornate, 
flowers are among the most important 
means of decorating our homes and gar- 
dens. Every dooryard throughout the land 
is a picture that is viewed by the passer-by. 
Whether the picture is attractive or not 
may depend very largely upon the pres- 
ence or absence of attractive flowers in the 
yard or about the door. 

SUGGESTED READING The Book of An- 
nuals and The Book of Perennials, both 
by Alfred C. Hottes; Flowers and Their 
Travels, by Frances M. Fox; Garden Bulbs 
in Color, by H. J. McFarland, R. Marion 
Hatton, and D, J. Foley; Garden Guide: 
The Amateur Gardener's Handbook, ed- 
ited by A. T. De La Mare Company, Inc.; 
The Garden Month by Month, by Mabel 
C. Sedgwick; The Gardener's First Year 
and The Gardener's Second Year, both by 
Alfred Bates; The Junior Gardener, by 
Dorothy W. Greene and Rosetta C. Gold- 
smith; Peter and Penny Plant a Garden, 
by Gertrude and Frances Dubois; The 
Children Make a Garden, by Dorothy H. 
Jenkins; also, readings on page 459. 



GARDEN FLOWERS 




Ferry-Morse Seed Co. 



THE CROCUS 



The crocus, like the snowdrop, cannot 
wait for the snow to be off the ground 
before it pushes up its gay blossoms, and 
it has thus earned the gratitude of those 
who are winter weary. 

The crocus has a corm instead of a bulb 
like the snowdrop or daffodil. A conn is 
a solid, thickened, underground stem, and 
is not in layers, like the onion. The roots 
come off the lower side of the corm. The 
corm of the crocus is well wrapped in 
several, usually five, white coats with pa- 
pery tips. When the plant begins to grow 
the'leaves push up through the coats. The 
leaves are grasslike and may be in number 
from two to eight, depending on the 
variety. Each leaf has its edge folded, and 
the white midrib has a plait on either 
side, giving it the appearance of being box- 
plaited on the under side. The bases of 
the leaves enclosed in the corm coats are 
yellow, since they have had no sunlight 
to start their starch factories and the 
green within their cells. At the center of 
the leaves appear the blossom buds, each 
enclosed in a sheath. 

The petals and sepals are similar in 
color, but the three sepals are on the out- 
side, and their texture, especially on the 



outer side, is coarser than that of the 
three protected petals. But sepals and pet- 
als unite into a long tube at the base. At 
the very base of this corolla-tube; away 
down out of sight, even below the surface 
of the ground, is the seed box, or ovary. 
From the tip of the ovary the style 
extends up through the corolla-tube 
and is tipped with a ruffled three-lobed 
stigma. 

The three stamens are set at the throat 
of the corolla-tube. The anthers are very 
long and open along the sides. The an- 
thers mature first, and shed their pollen 




The old and young corms of the crocus 

in the cup of the blossom where any in- 
sect, seeking the nectar in the tube of 
the corolla, must become dusted with it. 
However, if the stigma lobes fail to get 
pollen from other flowers, they later spread 



548 PLANTS 

apart and curl over until they reach some 
of the pollen of their own flower. 

Crocus blossoms have varied colors: 
white, yellow, orange, purple, the latter 
often striped or feather-veined. And while 
many seeds like tiny pearls are developed 
in the oblong capsule, yet it is chiefly 
by its corms that the crocus multiplies. 
On top of the mother corm of this year 



LESSON 149 
THE CROCUS 




ats 



The crocus 



p, petal; sp, sepal; an, anther; f, filament; stg, 
stigma; b, mother corm; b' b' b' young conns 

develop several small corms, each capable 
of growing a plant next year. But after 
two years of this second-story sort of mul- 
tiplication the young crocuses are pushed 
above the surface of the ground. Thus, 
they need to be replanted every two or 
three years. Crocuses maybe planted from 
the first of October until the ground 
freezes. They make pretty borders to 
garden beds and paths. Or they may be 
planted in lawns without disturbing the 
grass, by punching a hole with a stick or 
dibble and dropping in a corm and then 
pressing back the soil in place above it. 
The plants will mature before the grass 
needs to be mowed. 



LEADING THOUGHT The crocus blos- 
soms appear very early in the spring, be- 
cause the plants have food stored in under- 
ground storehouses. Crocuses multiply by 
seeds and by corms. 

METHOD If it is possible to have cro- 
cuses in boxes in the schoolroom windows, 
the flowers may thus best be studied. 
Otherwise, when crocuses are in bloom 
bring them into the schoolroom, corms 
and all, and place them where the chil- 
dren may study them at leisure. 

OBSERVATIONS i . At what date in 
the spring have you found crocuses in 
blossom? Why are they able to blossom 
so much earlier than other flowers? 

2. Take a crocus just pushing up out 
of its corm. How many overcoats protect 
its leaves? What is at the very center of 
the corm? Has the flower bud a special 
overcoat? 

3. Describe the leaves. How are they 
folded in their overcoats? What color are 
they where they have pushed out above 
their overcoats? What color are they 
within the overcoats? 

4. Do the flowers or the leaves have 
stems, or do they arise directly from the 
corm? 

5. What is the shape of the open crocus 
flower? Can you tell the difference be- 
tween sepals and petals in color? Can you 
tell the difference by their position? Or 
by their texture above or below? As you 
look into the flower, which makes the 
points of the triangle, the sepals or the 
petals? 

6. Describe the anthers. How long are 
they? How many are there? How do they 
open? What is the color of the pollen? 
Describe how a bee becomes dusted with 
pollen. Why does the bee visit the crocus 
blossom? If she finds nectar there, where 
is it? 

7. Describe the stigma. Open a flower 
and see how long the style is. How do the 
sepals and petals unite to protect the 
style? Where is the seed box? Is it so far 
down that it is below ground? How many 
seeds are developed from a single blossom? 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



8. How many colors do you find in the 
crocus flowers? Which are the prettiest 
in the lawn? Which In the flower beds? 

9. How do the crocus blossoms act in 
dark and stormy weather? When do they 
open? How does this benefit them? 

10. How do the crocus corras multiply? 
Why do they often need resetting? 

1 1 . Describe how to raise crocuses best: 
the kind of soil, the time of planting, and 
the best situations. 

Out of the frozen earth below, 
Out of the melting of the snow, 
No flower, but a film, I push to light; 

No stem, no bud yet 1 have burst 
The bars of winter, I am the first 

O Sun, to greet thee out of the night! 

Deep in the warm sleep underground 
Life is still, and the peace profound: 



549 



Yet a beam that pierced, and a thrill 

that smote 

Calfd me and drew me from far away; 
I rose, I came, to the open day 
I have won, unshelter'd* alone, remote. 
4 * THE CROCUS/' 
HARRIET E. H. KING 

When first the crocus thrusts its point of 
gold, 

Up through trie still snow-drifted garden- 
mould, 

And folded green things in dim woods un- 
close 

Their crinkled spears, a sudden tremor 
goes 

Into my veins and makes me Icith and kin 

To even? wild-born thing that thrills and 
blows. 

" A TOUCH OF NATURE," 
T. B. ALDRICH 



THE DAFFODILS AND THEIR RELATIVES 

Daffydown Dilly came up in the cold from the brown mold., 
Although the March breezes blew keen in her face, 
Although the white snow lay on many a place. 



Thus it is that Miss Warner's stanzas 
tell us the special reason we so love the 
daffodils. They bring the sunshine color 
to the sodden earth, when the sun is chary 
of his favors in our northern latitude; and 
the sight of the daffodils floods the spirit 
with a sense of sunlight. 

The daffodils and their relatives, the 
jonquils and narcissuses, are interesting 
when we stop to read their story in their 
form. The six segments of the perianth, 
or, as we would say, the three bright-col- 
ored sepals and the three inner petals of 
the flower, are different in shape; but they 
all look like petals and stand out in star- 
shape around the flaring end of the flower- 
tube, which, because of its shape, is called 
the corona, or crown; however, it looks 
more like a stiff little petticoat extending 
out in the middle of the flower than it 
does like a crown. When we look down 
into the crown of one of these flowers, 
we see the long style with its three-lobed 



stigma pushing out beyond the anthers, 
which are pressed close about it at the 
throat of the tube; between each two an- 
thers may be seen a little deep passage, 
through which the tongues of the moth 
or butterfly can be thrust to reach the 
nectar. In a tube, slit open, we can see 
the nectar at the very bottom; it is sweet 
to the taste and has a decided flavor. 
In this open tube we may see that the 
filaments of the stamens are grown fast 
to the sides of the tube for much of their 
length, enough remaining free to press 
the anthers close to the style. The ovary 
of the pistil is a green swelling at the 
base of the tube; by cutting it across we 
can see that it is triangular in outline, and 
has a little cavity in each angle large 
enough to hold two rows of the little, 
white, shining, unripe seeds. Each of these 
cavities is partitioned from the others by 
a green wall. 
When the flowerstalk first appears, it 




PLANTS 



Daffodil 

comes up like a sheathed sword, pointing 
toward the zenith, green, veined length- 
wise,, and with a noticeable thickening at 
each edge. As the petals grow ? the sheath 
begins to round out; the stiff stem at the 
base of the sheath bends at right angles. 
This brings a strain upon the sheath which 
bursts it, usually along the upper side, al- 
though sometimes it tears it off completely 
at the base. The slitted sheath, or spathe, 
hangs around the stem, wrinkled and 
parchment-like, very like the loose wrist 
of a suede glove. The stalk is a strong 
green tube; the leaves are fleshy and are 
grooved on the inner side. At the base 
the groove extends part way around the 
flowerstalk. The number of leaves varies 
with the variety, and they are usually as 
tall as the flowerstalk. There is one flower 
on a stalk in the daffodils and the poet's 
narcissus, but the jonquils and paper- 
white narcissus have two or more flowers 
on the same stalk. 

A bed should be prepared by digging 



deep and fertilizing with stable manure. 
The bulbs should be planted in Septem- 
ber or early October, and should be from 
four to six inches apart, the upper end of 
the bulbs at least four inches below the 
surface of the soil. They should not be 
disturbed but allowed to occupy the bed 
for a number of years, or as long as they 
give plenty of flowers. As soon as the 
surface of the ground is frozen in the 
winter, the beds should be covered from 
four to six inches in depth with straw- 
mixed stable manure, which can be raked 
off very* early in the spring. 

The new bulbs are formed at the sides 
of the old one; for this reason the daffo- 
dils will remain permanently planted, and 
do not lift themselves out of the ground 
like the crocuses. The leaves of the plant 
should be allowed to stand as long as they 
will after the flowers have disappeared 
so that they may furnish the bulbs with 
plenty of food for storing. The seeds 
should not be allowed to ripen, as it costs 
the plant too much energy and thus robs 
the bulbs. The flowers should be cut just 
as they are opening. Of the white varieties, 
the poet's narcissus is the most satisfac- 
tory,, as it is very hardy and very pretty, its 
corona being a shallow, flaring, greenish 
yellow rosette with orange-red border, 
the anthers of its three longest stamens 
making a pretty center. No wonder Nar- 




Leonard K. Beyer 



Poet's narcissus 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



cissus bent over the pool in joy at view- 
Ing himself, if he was as beautiful a man 
as the poet's narcissus is a flower. 

LESSON 150 
DAFFODILS, JONQUILS, AND NARCISSUSES 

LEADING THOUGHT The daffodil jon- 
quil, and narcissus are very closely related, 
and quite similar. They all come from 
bulbs w T hich should be planted in Sep- 
tember; but after the first planting, they 
will flower on year after year, bringing 
much brightness to the gardens in the 
early spring. 

METHOD The flow r ers brought to 
school may be studied for form, and there 
should be a special study of the way the 
flower develops its seed, and how it is 
propagated by bulbs. The w r ork should 
lead directly to an interest in the cultiva- 
tion of the plants. In seedsmen's cata- 
logues or other books, the children will 
find methods of planting and cultivating 
these flowers in cities. Daffodils are espe- 





Jonquil showing detail of flower 

a, corona or crown; b, sepals and petals forming 
perianth; e, corolla tube; d ovary or seedease; e, sheath 
or spathe 



W. Atlee Burpee Co, 

Paper-white narcissus 

daily adapted for both window gardens 
and school gardens. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Note the shape of 
the flower. Has it any sepals? Can you see 
any difference in color, position, and tex- 
ture between the petals and sepals? 

2. HOW T do the petal-like parts of these 
flowers look? How 7 many of them are 
there? Do they make the most showy 
part of the flower? 

3. What does the central part of the 
flower look like? Why is it called the 
corona, or crown? Peel the sepals and pet- 
als off one flower, and see that the tube 
is shaped like a trumpet. 

4. Look down into the crown of the 
flower and tell what you see. Can you see 
where the insect's tongue must go to 
reach the nectar? 

5. Cut open a trumpet lengthwise to 
find where the nectar is. How far is it 



552 



PLANTS 



from the mouth of the tube? How long 
would the Insect's tongue have to be to 
reach It? What insects have tongues as 
long as this? 

6. In order to reach the nectar how 
would an Insect become dusted with pol- 
len? Are the stamens loose in the flower- 
tube? Is the pistil longer than the stamens? 
How many parts to the stigma? Can you 
see how the flowers are arranged so that 
insects can carry pollen from flower to 
flower? 

7. What is the green swelling in the 
stem at the base of the trumpet? Is It 
connected with the style? Cut it across 
and describe what you see. How do the 
young seeds look and how are they ar- 
ranged? 

8. Where the flow T erstalk joins the 
stem, what do you see? Are there one or 
more flowerstalks coming from this 
spathe? 

9. Describe the flowerstalk. Are the 
leaves wide or narrow? Are they as long 
as the flowerstalk, are they flat, or are 
they grooved? 

10. What are the differences between 
daffodils, jonquils, and poet's narcissus? 
When should the bulbs for these flowers 
be planted? Will there be more bulbs 
formed around the one you plant? Will 
the same bulb ever send up flowers and 
leaves again? How do the bulbs divide to 
make new bulbs? 

11. How should the bed for the bulbs 
be prepared? How near together should 
the bulbs be planted? How deep in the 



earth? How can they be protected during 
the winter? 

12. Why should you not cut the leaves 
off after the flowers have died? Why 
should you not let the seeds ripen? When 
should the flowers be cut for bouquets? 
Who was Narcissus, and why should these 
early spring flowers be named after him? 

I emphatically deny the common no- 
tion that the farm boy's life is drudgery. 
Much of the work is laborious, and this it 
shares with all work that is productive; 
for the easier the job the less it is worth 
doing. But every piece of farm work is also 
an attempt to solve a problem, and there- 
fore it should have its intellectual Interest; 
and the problems are as many as the hours 
of the day and as varied as the face of 
nature. It needs but the informing of the 
mind and the quickening of the Imagina- 
tion to raise any constructive work above 
the level of drudgery. It is not mere dull 
work to follow the plow I have followed 
It day after day if one is conscious of all 
the myriad forces that are set at work by 
tie breaking of the furrow; and there is 
always the landscape, the free fields, the 
clean soil, the rain, tie promise of tie 
crops. Of all men's labor, the farmer's is 
tie most creative. I cannot ielp wonder- 
ing wiy it is tiat men will eagerly seek 
work in tie grease and grime of a noisy 
factory, but will recoil at wiat tiey call 
tie dirty work of tie farm. So muci are 
we yet bound by tradition/ 

L. H. BAILEY 



THE TULIP 



We might expect that the Lady Tulip 
would be a stately flower, if we should 
consider her history. She made her way 
Into Europe from the Orient during the 
sixteenth century, bringing with her the 
honor of being the chosen flower of Persia, 
where her colors and form were repro- 
duced in priceless webs from looms of the 
most skilled weavers. No sooner was she 
seen than worshiped, and shortly all Eu- 
rope was at her feet. 



A hundred years later, the Netherlands 
was possessed with the tulip mania. Grow- 
ers of bulbs and brokers who bought and 
sold them indulged in wild speculation. 
Rare varieties of the bulbs became more 
costly than jewels, one of the famous black 
tulips being sold for about $1800. Since 
then, the growing of tulips has been one 
of the important industries of the Nether- 
lands. 

There are a great many varieties of tu- 



GARDEN FLOWERS 




Tulips in a border 



lips, and their brilliant colors make our 
gardens gorgeous in early spring. Although 
this flower is so prim, yet it bears well 
close observation. The three petals, or in- 
ner segments of the perianth, are more 
exquisite in texture and in satiny gloss 
on their inner surface than are the three 
outer segments or sepals; each petal is like 
grosgrain silk, the fine ridges uniting at 
the central thicker portion. In the red 
varieties, there is a six-pointed star at the 
heart of the flower, usually yellow or yel- 
low-margined, each point of the star be- 
ing at the middle of a petal or sepal; the 
three points on the petals are longer than 
those on the sepals. 

When the flower bud first appears, it 
is nestled down in the center of the plant, 
scarcely above the ground. It is protected 
by three green sepals. As it stretches up, 
the bud becomes larger and the green of 
the sepals takes on the color of the tulip 
flower, until when it opens there is little 
on the outside of the sepals to indicate 



that they once were green. But they still 
show that they are sepals, for they sur- 
round the petals, each standing out and 
making the flower triangular in shape as 
we look into it. During storms and dark 
days, the sepals again partially close about 
the rest of the flower. 

The seed vessel stands up, a stout, three- 
sided, pale green column at the center of 
the flower; in some varieties, its three 
lobed yellowish stigma makes a Doric 
capital; in others, the divisions are so 
curled as to make the capital almost Ionic. 
The six stout, paddle-shaped stamens 
have their bases expanded so as to en- 
circle completely the base of the pistil 
column; these wide filaments are narrower 
just below the point where the large an- 
thers join. The anther opens along each 
side to discharge the pollen; however, the 
anthers flare out around the seed vessel 
and do not reach half way to the stigma, 
a position which probably insures cross- 
pollination by insects, since the bees can- 



554 



PLANTS 



not reach the nectar at the base of the pis- 
til without dusting themselves with pol- 
len. 

The flower stem is stout, pale green, 
covered with a whitish bloorn. The leaves 




Tulip seed capsule 

1, Tulip seed capsule ; 2, same opened ; 3, cross section 

of same 

are long, trough-shaped, and narrow with 
parallel veins; the bases of the lower ones 
encircle the flower stein and have their 
edges more or less ruffled and their tips 
recurved; the upper leaves do not com- 
pletely encircle the flower stem at their 
bases. The texture of the leaves is some- 
what softer on the inside than on the 
outside, and both sides are grayish green. 

After the petals and stamens are 
dropped the seed vessel looks like an orna- 
mental tip to the flowerstalk; it is three- 
sided, and has within double rows of seeds 
along each angle. 

The bulb is formed of several coats, or 
layers, each of which extends upward and 
may grow into a leaf; this shows that the 
bulb is made up of leaves which are thick- 
ened with the food stored up in them dur- 
ing one season, so as to start the plant 
growing early the next spring. In the heart 
of each bulb is a flower bud, sheltered by 
the fleshy leaf-layers around it, which fur- 
nish it food in the spring. This structure 
of the bulb shows how the leaves clasp the 
flower stem at their bases. The true roots 
are below the bulb, making a thick tassel 



of white rootlets, which reach deep into 
the soil for minerals and water. 

Tulips are very accommodating; they 
will grow in almost any soil, if it is well 
drained so that excessive moisture may not 
rot the bulbs. In preparing a bed, it should 
be rounded up so as to shed water; it 
should also be worked deep and made rich. 
If the soil is stiff and clayey, set bulbs only 
three inches deep, with a handful of sand 
beneath each. If the soil is mellow loam, 
set the bulbs four inches deep and from 
four to six inches apart each way, depend- 
ing on the size of the bulbs. They should 
be near enough so that when they blossom 
the bed will be covered and show no gaps. 
Take care that the pointed tip of the 
bulb is upward and that it does not fall 
to one side as it is covered. October is the 
usual time for planting, as the beds are 
often used for other flowers during the 
summer. However, September is not too 
early for the planting, as the more root 
growth made before the ground freezes, 
the better; moreover, the early buyers have 
best choice of bulbs. The beds should be 
protected by a mulch of straw or leaves 
during the winter, which should be raked 
off as soon as the ground is thawed in 
the spring. The blossoms should be cut 
as soon as they wither, in order that the 
new bulbs which form within and at the 
sides of the parent bulb may have all of 
the plant food, which would otherwise go 
to form seed. Tulips may be grown from 
seed, but it takes from five to seven years 
to obtain blossoms, which may be quite 
unlike the parent. Most of these seedlings 
will be worthless; a few may develop into 
desirable new tulips. The bulblets grow 
to a size for blooming in two or three 
years; the large one which forms in the 
center of the plant will bloom the next 
season. 

LESSON 151 
THE TULIP 

LEADING THOUGHT The tulips blos- 
som early, because they have food stored 
in the bulbs the year before, ready to use 
early in the spring. There are many varie- 
ties; each is worth studying carefully, and 



we should all know how to grow these 
beautiful flowers. 

METHOD These observations may be 
made upon tulips in school gardens or 
bouquets. The best methods of cultivat- 
ing should be a part of the garden training. 
For this, consult the seed catalogues; also 
let the pupils form some idea of the num- 
ber of varieties from the seed catalogues. 
Water-color drawings may be used as 
helps in studying the tulip. The red va- 
rieties are best for beginning the study, 
and then follow with the other colors; 
note differences. 

OBSERVATIONS i. What is the color 
of your tulip? Is it all the same color? Is 
the bottom of the flower different in color? 
What does the pretty shape of these dif- 
ferent colors at the heart of the flower 
resemble? 

2. Look at a tulip just opening. What 
causes it to appear so triangular? Can you 
see that the three sepals are placed out- 
side the petals? Is there any difference in 
color between the sepals and petals on 
the inside? On the outside? Are the sepals 
and petals the same in length and shape? 
Are the three petals more satiny on the 
inside than the sepals? Is the center part 
of the petal as soft as the edges? 

3. When the tulip flower bud first be- 
gins to show, where is it? What color are 
the sepals which cover it? Describe the 
opening of the flower. Do the green sepals 
fall off? What becomes of them? 



GARDEN FLOWERS 555 

4. In the open flower, where Is the 



seed pod, and how does it look? How do 
the anthers surround the seed pod, or 
ovary? Describe the anthers, or pollen 
boxes. \\Tiat color are they? What color 
is the pollen? Do the anthers reach up to 
the stigma, or tip of the seed pod? Where 
is the nectar in tulips? How do the insects 
become covered with the pollen in reach- 
ing it? Do the flowers remain open dur- 
ing dark and stormy days? 

5. Describe the tulip stem and the 
leaves. Do the leaves completely encircle 
the flower stem at the base? Are their 
edges ruffled? In the sprouting plant, do 
these outer basal leaves enfold the leaves 
which grow higher on the stem? Are the 
leaves the same color above and below? 
What shade of green are they? 

6. After the petals have dropped, study 
the seed pod. Cut it crosswise and note 
how many angles it has. How are these 
angles filled? Should tulips be allowed to 
ripen seeds? Why not? 

7. Study a bulb of a tulip. There are 
outer and inner layers and a heart. What 
part of the plant do the outer layers make? 
What part does the center make? Where 
are the true roots of the tulip? 

8. When should tulip bulbs be planted? 
How should you prepare the soil? How 
protect the bed during the winter? How 
long would it take to grow the flowers 
from the seed? Do you know the history 
of tulips? 



THE PANSY 



Some people are pansy-faced and some 
pansies are human-faced, and for some oc- 
cult reason this puts people and pansies on 
a distinctly chummy basis. When we ana- 
lyze the pansy face, we find that the dark 
spots at the bases of the side petals make 
the eyes, the lines radiating from them 
looking quite eydashy. The opening of 
the nectar-tube makes the nose, while the 
spot near the base of the lower petal has 
to do for a mouth, the nectar guiding-lines 
being not unlike whiskers. Meanwhile, the 



two upper petals give a " high-browed ** 
look to the pansy countenance, and make 
it a wise and knowing little face. 

The pansy nectar is hidden in the spul 
made by the lower petal extending be- 
hind the flower. The lines on the lower 
and side petals all converge, pointing di- 
rectly to the opening which leads to this 
nectar-well. Moreover, the broad lower 
petal serves as a platform for the bee to 
alight upon, while she probes the nectar- 
well with her tongue. 



PLANTS 




Verne Morton 



But at the door leading to the nectar- 
well sits a little man; his head is green, 
he wears a white cape with a scalloped, 
reddish brown collar, and he sits with his 
bandy legs pushed back into the spur 
as if he were taking a foot bath in nectar. 
This little pansy man has plenty of work 
to do; for his mouth, which is large and 
at the top of his green head, is the stigma. 
The cape is made of five overlapping sta- 
mens, the brown, scalloped collar being 
the anthers; his legs consist of prolonga- 
tions of the two lower stamens. And when 
the bee probes the nectar-well with her 
tongue, she tickles the little man's feet 
so that his head and shoulders wriggle; 
and thus she brushes the pollen dust from 
his collar against her fuzzy face, and at 
the same time his mouth receives the 
pollen from her dusty coat. 

As the pansy matures, the little man 
grows still more manlike; after a time he 
sheds his anther cape, and we can see 



that his body is the ribbed seed pod. He 
did not eat pollen for nothing, for he is 
full of growing seeds. Sometimes the 
plush brushes, which are above his head 
in the pansy flower, become filled with 
pollen, and perhaps he gets a mouthful 
of it. 

The pansy sepals, five in number, are 
fastened at about one-third of their length, 
their heart-shaped bases making a little 
green ruffle around the stem where it 
joins the flower. There is one sepal above 
and two at each side, but none below the 
nectar-spur. The flowerstalk is quite short 
and bends so that the pansy seems to look 
sidewise at us instead of staring straight 
upward. The plant stem is angled and 
crooked and stout. In form, the leaves are 
most varied; some are long and pointed, 
others wide and rounded. The edges are 
slightly scalloped and the leaf may have 
at its base a pair of large, deeply lobed 
stipules. In a whole pansy bed if would 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



be improbable that one would End two 
leaves just alike. 

The pansy ripens many seeds. The 
ribbed seed capsule, with its base set in 
the sepals, finally opens in three valves 
and the many seeds are scattered. To send 
them as far afield as possible, the edges 
of each valve of the pod curl inward, and 
snap the seeds out as boys snap apple seeds 
from the thumb and finger. 

Pansies like deep, rich, cool, moist soil. 
They are best suited to a northern climate, 
and prefer the shady side of a garden to 
the full sunshine. The choice varieties 
are perpetuated through cuttings. They 
may be stuck in the open ground in sum- 
mer in a half-shady place and should be 
well watered in dry weather. All sorts of 
pansies are readily raised from seed sown 
in spring or early summer, and seedlings^ 
when well established, do not suffer, as a 
rule, from winter frosts. 

The general sowing for the production 
of early spring bloom is made out of doors 
in August, while seeds sown indoors from 
February to June will produce plants to 
flower intermittently during the late sum- 
mer and fall months. When sowing pansy 
seed in August, sow the seed broadcast 
in a seed-bed out-of-doors, cover it very 
lightly with fine soil or well-rotted ma- 
nure, and press the seed in with a small 
board; then mulch the seed-bed to the 
thickness of one inch with long, strawy 
horse manure from which the small par- 
ticles have been shaken off, so as to have 
the soil well and evenly covered. At the 
end of two weeks the plants will be up. 
Then remove the straw gradually, a little 
at a time, selecting a dull day if possible. 
Keep the bed moist. 

If the pansies are allowed to ripen seeds 
the season of bloom will be short, for 
when its seeds are scattered the object of 
the plant's life is accomplished. Flowers 
borne with the forming seeds are smaller 
than the earlier ones. But if the flowers 
are kept plucked as they open, the plants 
persistently put forth new buds. The 
plucked flowers will remain in good con- 
dition longer if picked in the early morn- 
ing before the bees begin paying calls, for 



a fertilized flower fades more quickly than 
one which has received no pollen, 

LESSON 152 
THE PANSY 

LEADING THOUGHT The pansy is a 
member of the violet family. The flower 
often resembles a face; the colors, mark- 
ings, and fragrance all attract the bees, 
who visit it for the nectar hidden in the 
spur of the lower petal. 

METHOD The children naturally love 
pansies because of the resemblance of 
these flowers to quaint little faces. They 
become still more interested after they see 
the little man with the green head who 
appears in the flower as it fades. A more 
practical interest may be cultivated by 
studying the great numbers of varieties in 
the seed catalogues and learning their 
names. This is one of the studies which 
leads directly to gardening. There are 
many beautiful pansy poenis which 
should be read in connection with the 
lesson. 

OBSERVATIONS i . How does the pansy 
flower resemble a face? Where are the 
eyes? The nose? The mouth? How many 
petals make the pansy forehead? The 
cheeks? The chin? 

2. Where is the nectar in the pansy? 
Which petal forms the nectar-tube? 

3. Describe how a bee gets the nectar. 
Where does she stand while probing with 
her tongue? 

4. Where is the pollen in the pansy? 
What is the peculiar shape of the anthers? 
How do the two lower stamens differ 
in form from the three upper ones? 

5. Where is the stigma? Does the bee's 
tongue go over it or under it to reach the 
nectar? Describe the pansy arrangement 
for dusting the bee with pollen and for 
getting pollen from her tongue. 

6. Observe the soft little brashes at 
the base of the two side petals. 

7. Take a fading flower; remove the 
petals, and see the little man sitting with 
his crooked legs in the nectar-tube. What 
part of the flower makes the man's head? 
What parts form his cape? Of what is his 
pointed, scalloped collar formed? 



558 PLANTS 

8. How many sepals has the pansy? De- 
scribe them. How are they attached? 
When the flower fades and the petals fall, 
do the sepals also fall? 

9. \\Tiere in the flower is the young 
seed pod? Describe how this looks after 
the petals have fallen. 

10. Describe how the seed pod opens. 
How many seeds are there in it? How are 
they scattered? 

11. Study the pansy stem. Is it solid? 
Is it smooth or rough? Is it curved? Does 
it stand up straight or partially recline on 
the ground? 

12. Take a pansy leaf and sketch it with 
the stipules at its base. Can you find two 
pansy leaves exactly alike in shape, color, 
and size? 

13. At what time should the pansy seed 
be planted? How should the soil be pre- 
pared? 

I dropped a seed into the earth. It grew, 
and the plant was mine. 



It was a wonderful thing, this plant of 
mine. I did not know its name, and the 
plant did not bloom. All I know is that I 
planted something apparently as lifeless 
as a. grain of sand and there came forth 
a green and living thing unlike the seed, 
unlike the soil in which it stood, unlike 
the air into which it grew. No one could 
tell me why it grew, nor how. It had se- 
crets all its own ? secrets that baffle the 
wisest men; yet this plant was my friend. 
It faded when I withheld the light, it 
vrilted when I neglected to give it water, 
it flourished when I supplied its simple 
needs. One week I went away on a vaca- 
tion, and when I returned the plant was 
dead; and I missed it. 

Although my little plant had died so 
soon, it had taught me a lesson; and the 
lesson is that it is worth while to have a 
plant. 

NATURE-STUDY IDEA," 
L. H. BAILEY 




Verne Morton 



THE BLEEDING HEART 

The summer's flower is to the summer sweet, 
Though to itself it only live and die. 

SHAKESPEARE 



For the intricate structure of this type 
of flower, the bleeding heart is much more 
easily studied than its smaller wild sisters, 
the Dutchman Vbreeches or squirrel corn; 
therefore it is well to study these flowers 



when we find them in profusion in our 
gardens, and the next spring we may study 
the wildwood species more understand- 
ingly. 
The flowers of the bleeding heart are 



GARDEIs ? FLOWERS 



559 



beautiful jewel-like pendants arranged 
along the stem according to their age; the 
mature flower, ready to shed its petals, is 
near the main stem, while the tiny un- 
opened bud is hung at the very tip, where 
new buds are constantly being formed 
during a long season of bloom. This flower 
has a strange modification of its petals; the 
two pink outer ones, which make the 
heart, are really little pitchers with nectar 
at their bottoms, and although they hang 
mouth downward the nectar does not 
flow out. When these outer petals are re- 
moved, we can see the inner pair placed 
opposite to them, the two of them close 
together and facing each other like two 
grooved ladles. Just at the mouth of the 
pitchers these inner petals are almost di- 
vided crosswise; and the parts that extend 
beyond are spoon-shaped, like the bowls of 
two spoons which have been pinched out 
so as to make a wide, flat ridge along their 
centers. These spoon-bowls unite at the 
tip 7 and between them they clasp the an- 
thers and stigma. Special attention should 
be given to the division between the two 
portions of these inner petals; for it is a 
hinge, the workings of which are of much 
importance to the flower. On removing 
the outer petals, we find a strange frame- 
work around which the heart-shaped part 
of the flower seems to be modeled. These 
are filaments of the stamens grouped in 
threes on each side; the two outer ones 
of each group are widened into frills on 
the outer edge, while the central one is 
stiffer and narrower. At the mouth of the 
pitchers all these filaments unite in a tube 
around the style; near the stigma they split 
apart into six short, white, threadlike fila- 
ments, each bearing a small, brilliant yel- 
low anther. So close together are these 
anthers that they are completely covered 
by the spoon-bowls made by the inner 
petals, the pollen mass being flat and disc- 
like. During the period when the pollen 
is produced, the stigma is flat and imma- 
ture; but after the pollen is shed, it be- 
comes rounded into lobes ready to receive 
pollen from other flowers. 

Although the description of the plant 
of this flower is most complex and elabo- 
rate, the workings of the flower are most 





1, Flower of bleeding heart with siring door 
ajar. 2, Side view of flower showing the broad 
tips of the inner petals. 3, Flower with outer 
petals removed shorn ng Inner petals and 
the heart-shaped bases of the stamens 

simple. As the nectar pitchers hang mouth 
down, the bee must cling to the flower 
while probing upward. In doing this she 
invariably pushes against the outside of 
the spoon-bowls, and the hinge at their 
base allows her to push them back while 
the mass of pollen is thrust against her 
body; as this hinge works both ways, she 
receives the pollen first on one side and 
then on the other, as she probes the nec- 
tar pitchers. And perhaps the next flower 
she visits may have shed its pollen, and 
the swing door will uncover the ripe 
stigma ready to receive the pollen she 
brings. 

The sepals are tw r o little scales opposite 
the bases of the outer petals. Before the 
flower opens, the spouts of the nectar 
pitchers are clamped up on either side 
of the spoon-bowls; at first they simply 
spread apart, but later they curve back- 
ward. The seed pod is long and narrow, 
and in cross section is seen to contain two 
compartments with seeds growing on 
every side of the partition. 

The bleeding heart is a native of China, 
and was introduced into Europe about 
the middle of the last century. 



LESSON 153 
THE BLEEDING HEART 
LEADING THOUGHT The bleeding 
heart flower has its pollen and stigma cov- 
ered by a double swing door, which the 



560 PLANTS 

bees push back and forth when they 
gather the nectar. 

METHOD Bring a bouquet of the 
bleeding heart to the schoolroom, and let 
each pupil have a stem with its flowers in 
all stages. From this study, encourage 
them to watch these flowers when the in- 
sects are visiting them. 

OBSERVATIONS i. How are these flow- 
ers supported? Do they open upward or 
downward? Can you see the tiny sepals? 

2. How many petals can you see in this 
flower? What "is the shape of the two 
outer petals? How do they open? Where 
is the nectar developed in these petals? 

3. Take off the two outer petals and 
study the two inner ones. What is their 
shape near the base? How are their parts 
which project beyond the outer petals 
shaped? What does the spoon-end of 



these petals cover? Can you find the hinge 
in these petals? 

4. Where are the stamens? How many 
are there? Describe the shape of the sta- 
mens near the base. How are they united 
at the tip? 

5. Where is the stigma? The style? The 
ovary? 

6. Supposing a bee is after the nectar, 
where must she rest while probing for it? 
Can she get the nectar without pushing 
against the flat projecting portion of the 
inner petals? When she pushes these 
spoon-bowls back, what happens? Does 
she get dusted with pollen? After she 
leaves, does the door swing back? Suppose 
she visits another flower which has shed 
its pollen ? will she carry pollen to its 
stigma? Does she have to work the hinged 
door to do this? 




THE POPPIES 



Perhaps we might expect that a plant 
which gives strange dreams to those who 
eat of its juices should not be what it 
seems in appearance. I know of nothing 
so deceptive as the appearance of the 
poppy buds, which, rough and hairy, 
droop so naturally that it seems as if their 
weight must compel the stem to bend; 
and yet, if we test it, we find the stem is 
as stiff as if made of steel ware. Moreover, 
the flower and the ripened seed capsule 
must be far heavier than the bud; and yet, 
as soon as the flower is ready to open, the 
stern straightens up, although it does not 
always remove the traces of the crook; and 



after the capsule is full of ripened seed, 
the stem holds it up particularly stiffly, 
as if inviting the wind to shake out the 
seeds. 

The rough covering of the bud con- 
sists of two sepals, as can be easily seen; 
but if we wish to see the poppy shed its 
sepals, we must get up in the morning, for 
the deed is usually done as soon as the first 
rays of the early sun bring their message 
of a fair day. The sepals break off at their 
base and fall to the ground. The two op- 
posite outer petals unfold, leaving the two 
inner petals standing erect, until the sun- 
shine folds them back. An open poppy, 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



when looked at below, shows two petals, 
each semicircular, and overlapping each 
other slightly; looked at from above, we 
see two petals, also half circles, set at 
right angles to the lower two, and divided 
from each other by the pistil. 

The pistil of the poppy is, from the 
beginning, a fascinating box. At first, it 
is a vase with a circular cover, upon which 
are ridges, placed like the spokes of a 
wheel. If these ridges are looked at with 
a lens ? particles of pollen may be seen 
adhering to them; this fact reveals the 
secret that each ridge is a stigma, and 
all of these radiating stigmas are joined 
so as better to catch the pollen. In a 
circle of fringe about the pistil are the 
stamens. In the study of the stamens, we 
should note whether their filaments ex- 
pand or dilate near the anthers, and we 
should also note the color of the masses 
of pollen which crowd out from the 
anthers. 

Despite the many varieties of poppies, 
there are only four species commonly cul- 
tivated. The opium poppy has upon its 
foliage a white bloom, the filaments of Its 
stamens are dilated at the top, and its seed 
capsule is smooth. The Oriental poppy 
has all of these characteristics, except that 
its foliage is green and not covered with 
bloom. Its blossom is scarlet and very 




Anna C. Sttyke 

The poppy seed-shaker 

large, and has a purple center in the petals 
and purple stamens; it has three sepals. Its 
flowerstalks are stout and leafy. The corn 
poppy r which grows in the fields of Eu- 




F. A. Southard, Jr. 

Oriental poppies, showing buds and blossom 

rope, is a weed we gladly cultivate. This 
naturally has red petals and is dark at the 
center of the flower; but it has been 
changed by breeding until now we have 
many varieties. Its foliage is finely cut and 
very bristly or hairy. Its seed capsule is 
not bristly. To see this poppy at its best, 
we should visit northern Italy or southern 
France in late May, where it makes the 
grain fields gorgeous. This is the original 
parent of all the Shirley poppies. The Arc- 
tic, or Iceland poppy, has flowers of satiny 
texture and finely crumpled; its colors are 
yellow, orange, or white, but never scarlet 
like the corn poppy; it has no leaves on its 
flower stem, and its seed capsule is hairy, 
Of these four species, the opium poppy 
and the com poppy are annuals, while the 
Arctic and the Oriental species are peren- 
nials. 

The bees are overfond of the poppy 
pollen and it is a delight to watch the 
fervor with which they simply wallow in 
it, brushing off all of the grains possible 
onto their hairy bodies. I have often seen a 
honeybee seize a bunch of the anthers and 
rub them against the underside of her 
body, meanwhile standing on her head in 
an attitude of delirious joy. As an indica- 
tion of the honeybee's eye for color, I have 
several times seen a bee drop to the 
ground to examine a red petal which had 
fallen. This was evidence that she trusted, 



562 PLANTS 

at least in part, to the color to guide her to 
the pollen. 

But perhaps it is the development of 
the poppy seed capsule which we find the 
most interesting of the poppy perform- 
ances. After fertilization, the stigma disc 
develops a scalloped edge, a stigma round- 
ing out the point of each scallop; and a 
sharp ridge, which continues the length 
of the globular capsule, runs from the 
center of each scallop. If examined on the 
inside, it will be seen that the ridge on 
the capsule is the edge of a partition which 
extends only part way toward the center 
of the capsule. On these partitions, the 
little seeds are grown in great profusion, 
and when they ripen, they fall together 
in the hollow center of the seed box. But 
how are they to get out? This is a point 
of interest for the children to observe, and 
they should w r atch the whole process. Just 
beneath the stigma disc, and between 
each two of the sharp ridges, the point 
loosens; later, it turns outward and back, 
leaving a hole w r hich leads directly into 
the central hollow portion of the capsule. 
The way these points open is as pretty 
a story as I know in flower history. This 
beautiful globular capsule, with its grace- 
ful pedestal where it joins the stem, is 
a seed-shaker instead of a salt- or pepper- 
shaker. Passing people and animals push 
against it and the stiff stem bends and 
then springs back, sending a little shower 
of seeds this way and that; or a wind 
sways the stalk, and the seeds are sown, 
a few at a time, and in different conditions 
of season and weather. Thus, although the 
poppy puts all her eggs in one basket, 
she sends them to market a few at a time. 
The poppy seed is a pretty object, as seen 
through the lens. It is shaped like a round 
bean, and is covered with a honeycomb 
network. 

LESSON 154 
THE POPPIES 

LEADING THOUGHT The poppies shed 
their sepals when the flowers expand; they 
offer quantities of pollen to the bees, 
which are very fond of it. The seed 
capsule develops holes around the top, 



through which the seeds are shaken, a 
fe\v at a time. 

METHOD It is best to study these flow- 
ers in the garden, but the lesson may be 
given if some of the plants with the buds 
are brought to the schoolroom, care be- 
ing taken that they do not droop. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Look at the bud of 
the poppy. How is it covered? How many 
sepals? Can you see where they unite? Is 
the stem bent because the bud is heavy? 
What happens to this crook in the stem 
when the flower opens? Does the crook 
always straighten out completely? 

2. Describe how the poppy sheds its 
sepals. At what time of day do the poppies 
usually open? 

3. Look at the back of, or beneath, an 
open flower. How many petals do you 
see? How are they arranged? Look at the 
base of the flower. How many petals 
do you see? How are they arranged in 
relation to the lower petals and to the 
pistil? 

4. Look at the globular pistil. Describe 
the disc which covers it. How many ridges 
on this disc? How are they arranged? Look 
at the ridges with a lens and tell what 
they are. 

5. Look at the stamens. How are they 
arranged? Describe the anthers their 
color, and the color of the pollen. Watch 
the bees working on the poppies, and note 
if they are after nectar or pollen. 

6. Find all the varieties of poppies pos- 
sible, and note the colors of the petals on 
the outside, the inside, and at the base; 
of the stamens, including filaments, an- 
thers, and pollen; of the pistil disc and 
ovary. Sketch the poppy opened, and also 
in the bud. Sketch a petal, a stamen, and 
the pistil, in separate studies. 

7. Study the poppy seed box as it rip- 
ens. How does the stigma disc look? What 
is the shape of the capsule below the disc? 
Is it ridged? What relation do its ridges 
bear to the stigma ridges on the disc? 
Cut a capsule open, and note what these 
ridges on the outside have to do with the 
partitions inside. Where are the seeds 
borne? 

8. Note the development of the holes 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



beneath the edge of the disc of the poppy 
capsule. How are they made? What are 
they for? How are the seeds shaken from 
these holes? What shakes the poppy seed 
box and helps sow the seeds? Look at a 
seed through a lens, and describe Its form 
and decoration. 

9. Notice the form of the poppy leaf, 
and note whether it is hairy or covered 



563 



with bloom. \\Tiat is there peculiar about 
the smell of the poppy plant? \\liere do 
poppies grow wild? 

ic. Is the slender stem smooth, or 
grooved and hairy? Is it solid or hollow? 

11. When a stem or leaf is pierced or 
broken off, what is the color of the juice 
which exudes? Does this juice taste sweet, 
or bitter and unpleasant? 



THE CALIFORNIA POPPY 



Although this brilliant flower blossoms 
cheerfully for us in our Eastern gardens, 
we can never understand its beauty until 
we see it glowing in masses on the Cali- 
fornia foothills. We can easily understand 
why it w^as selected as the flower of that 
great state, since it burnished with gold 
the hills, above the gold buried below; and 
in that land that prides itself upon its 
sunshine, these poppies seem to shine up 
as the sun shines down. The literature of 
California, and it has a noble literature 
of its own, is rich in tributes to this fa- 
vored flow r er. There is a peculiar beauty 
in the contrast between the shining flow r er 
and its pale blue-green, delicate masses of 
foliage. Although it is called a poppy and 
belongs to the poppy family, yet it is not 
a true poppy, but belongs to a genus 
named after a German who visited Cali- 
fornia early in the nineteenth century, ac- 
companying a Russian scientific expedi- 
tion; this German's name was Eschscholtz, 
and he, like all visitors, fell in love with 
this brilliant flower, and in his honor it 
was named Eschscholtzia (es-sholts-ia) 
californica. This is not nearly so pretty 
or so descriptive as the name given to 
this poppy by the Spanish settlers on the 
Pacific Coast, for they called it Copa-de- 
oro, cups of gold. 

The bud of the Eschscholtzia is a pretty 
thing; it stands erect on the slender, rather 
long stem, which flares near the bud to 
an urnlike pedestal with a slightly ruffled 
rim, on which the bud is set. This rim is 
often pink above, and remains as a pretty 
base for the seed pod. But in some garden 
varieties, the riin is lacking. The bud itself 



9 J* 




California poppies 

is covered with a peaked cap, like a 
Brownie's toboggan cap stuffed full to the 
tip. It is the shape of an old-fashioned 
candle extinguisher; it is pale green, some- 
what ribbed, and has a rosy tip; it con- 
sists of two sepals, which have been sewed 
together by Mother Nature so skillfully 
that we cannot see the seams. One of the 
most interesting performances to w r atch 
that I know is the way this poppy takes 
off its cap before it bows to the world. 
Like magic the cap loosens around the 
base; it is then pushed off by the swelling, 
expanding petals until completely loos- 
ened, and finally it drops. 
The petals are folded under the cap in 



564 PLANTS 

an interesting manner. The outer petal 
enfolds all the others as closely as it can, 
and its mate within it enfolds the other 
two, and the inner two enfold the stamens 




Anna C, Stryke 



California poppies 

with their precious gold dust. When only 
partially opened, the petals cling protect- 
ingly about the many long stamens; but 
when completely opened, the four petals 
flare wide, making a flower with a golden 
rim and an orange center, although 
among our cultivated varieties they range 
from orange to an anaemic white. To one 
who loves them in their glorious native 
hues, the white varieties seem almost re- 
pulsive. Compare one of these small, pale 
flowers with the great, rich, orange ones 
that glorify some favored regions in the 
Mofave Desert, and we feel the enervating 
and decadent influence of civilization. 

The anthers are many and long, and 
are likely to have a black dot on the short 



filament; at first, the anthers stand in a 
close cluster at the center of the flower, 
but later they flare out in a many-pointed 
star. Often, when the flowers first open, 
especially the earlier ones, the stigmas 
cannot be seen at all; but after a time the 
three, or even six stigmas, spread wide 
athwart the flower and above the stamen- 
star, where they may receive pollen from 
the visiting insects. The anthers give abun- 
dance of pollen, but there is said to be 
no nectary present. This flower is a good 
guardian of its pollen, for it closes during 
the nights and also on dark and rainy days, 
only exposing its riches when the sun- 
shine insures insect visitors. In our East- 
ern gardens it closes its petals in the same 
order in which they w r ere opened, al- 
though there are statements that in Cali- 
fornia each petal folds singly around its 
own quota of anthers. The insects in Cali- 
fornia take advantage of the closing petals 
and often get a night's lodging within 
them, where they are cozily housed with 
plenty of pollen for supper and breakfast; 
and they pay their bill in a strange way by 
carrying off as much of the golden meal 
as adheres to them, just as the man w r ho 
weighs gold dust gets his pay from what 
adheres to the pan of his scales. 

After the petals fall, the little pod is 
very small, but its growth is as astonishing 
as that of Jack's beanstalk; it finally attains 
a slim length of three inches, and often 
more. It is grooved, the groove running 
straight from its rimmed base to its rosy 
tip; but later a strange twisting takes place. 
If we open one of these capsules length- 
wise, we must admire the orderly way in 
which the little green seeds are fastened 
by delicate white threads, in two crowded 
rows, the whole length of the pod. 

The leaf is delicately cut and makes the 
foliage a fine mass, but each leaf is quite 
regular in its form. It has a long, flattened 
petiole, which broadens and clasps the 
stem somewhat at its base. Its blade has 
five main divisions, each of which is deeply 
cut into finger-like lobes. The color of this 
foliage and its form show adaptations to 
desert conditions. 

This plant has a long, smooth taproot, 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



especially adapted for storing food and 
moisture needed during the long, dry Cali- 
fornia summers; for it is perennial in its 
native state, although in the wintry East, 
we plant it as an annual. 

LESSON 155 
THE CALIFORNIA POPPY 

LEADING THOUGHT The California 
poppy is a native of California; there it 
blossoms during the months of February, 
March, and April in greatest abundance. 
It is found in the desert as well as among 
the foothills. 

METHOD If possible, the students 
should study this flower in the garden. In 
the East, it flowers until frost comes, and 
affords a delightful subject for a Septem- 
ber lesson. In California it should be stud- 
ied in the spring, when the hills are 
covered with it. But the plant may be 
brought into the schoolroom, root and 
all, and placed in a jar ? under which con- 
ditions it will continue to blossom. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Look at the Cali- 
fornia poppy as a whole and tell, if you 
can, why it is so beautiful when in blos- 
som. 

2. Look at the flower bud. What sort 
of stalk has it? What is the shape of the 
stalk just below the bud? What is the 
color of the little rim on which the bud 
rests? What peculiarity has this bud? De- 
scribe the little cap. 

3. Watch a flower unfold. What hap- 
pens to the " toboggan cap "? How does 
the bud look after the cap is gone? What 
is its appearance when the petals first 
open? When they are completely open? 

4. Describe the anthers. How do they 
stand when the flower first opens? How 
later? Can you see the stigmas at first? 
Describe them as they look later. 

5. Does the poppy remain open at 
night? Does it remain open during cloudy 
or rainy weather? 

6. Do the petals have the same position 
that they did in the bud? As the flower 
matures, note how each petal curls. Do 
they all fall at once? Are there any anthers 
left after the petals fall? 



7. How does the little pod look when 
the petals first fall? What happens to it 
later? Note the little rim at its base. Cut 
the seed pod open lengthwise, examine 
the seeds with a lens, and describe how 
they are fastened to the sides of the pod. 
Are the ribs straight from end to end in 
the pod at first? Do they remain in this 
position? How does the pod open and 
scatter its seeds? 

3. Study the leaf of this California 
poppy. Describe how it joins the stem. 
Sketch a leaf showing its chief divisions 
into leaflets and how each leaflet is di- 
vided. Note that the juice of the stem 
has the peculiar odor of muriatic acid. 

9. Look at the root. Do you think it 
is fitted to sustain the plant through a 
long, dry summer? What kind of summers 
do they have in California? Where does 
the poppy grow wild? 

10. Read all the accounts you can find 
of the California poppy, and write a stow 
describing why it was chosen as the flower 
of that great state, and how it came by its 
name. 

In a low brown meadow on a day 
Down by the autumn sea 7 
I saw a flash of sudden light 
In a sweep of lonely gray; 
As if a star in a clouded night 
One moment had looked on me 
And then withdrawn; as if the spring 
Had sent an oriole back to sing 
A silent song in color, where 
Other silence was too bad to bear. 

I found it and left it in its place, 
The sun-born flower in cloth of gold 
That April owns, but cannot hold 
From spending its glory and its grace 
On months that always love it less, 
But take its splendid alms in their distress. 
Back I went through the gray and the 

brown, 

Through the weed-woven trail to the dis- 
tant town; 

The flower went with me, fairly wrought 
Into the finest fiber of my thought. 
" A CALIFORNIA POPPY IN NOVEMBER," 

IRENE HARDY 



PLANTS 




THE NASTURTIUM 



It is quite fitting that the nasturtium 
leaves should be shaped like shields, for 
that is one of their uses; they are shields 
which protect the young nasturtium seeds 
from the hot sun and from the view of 
devouring enemies. The nasturtiums are 
natives of Peru and Chili, and it is fitting 
that the leaves should develop in shield- 
shape, and the shields overlap until they 
form a tent which shades the tender de- 
veloping seed from the "burning sun. But 
they do not shield the flower, which 
thrusts its brilliant petals out between the 
shields, and calls loudly to the world to 
admire it. It would indeed be a pity for 
such a remarkable flower to remain hid- 
den; its five sepals are united at their base, 




W. Atlee Burpee Co. 

Single nasturtium 



and the posterior one is extended into a 
long spur, a tube with a delectable nectar- 
well at its tip. The five petals are set 
around the mouth of this tube, the two 
upper ones differing in appearance and 
office from those below; these two stand 
up like a pair of fans, and on them are 
lines which converge; on the upper sepals 
are similar lines pointing toward the same 
interesting spot. And what do all these 
lines lead to, except a veritable treasure- 
cave filled with nectarl The lower petals 
tell another story; they stand out, mak- 
ing a platform or doorstep, on which the 
visiting bee alights. But it requires a big 
insect to pollinate this flower, and what 
if some inefficient little bee or fly should 
alight on the petal-doorstep and steal into 
the cave surreptitiously? This contingency 
is guarded against thus: each of these 
lower petals narrows to a mere insect foot- 
bridge at their inner end; and this foot- 
bridge is quite impassable, because it is 
beset with irregular little spikes and pro- 
jecting fringes, sufficient to perplex or 
discourage any small insect from crawling 
that way. 

But why all these guiding lines and 
guarded bridges? If you watch the same 
blossom for several successive days, it will 
reveal this secret. When a flower first 
opens, the stamens are all bent downward, 
but when an anther is ready to open its 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



567 



pollen doors, the filament lifts it up and 
places it like a sentinel blocking the door- 
way to the nectar treasure. Then when the 
robber comes, whether it be butterfly, 
bee, or hummingbird, it gets a round of 
pollen ammunition for its daring. Perhaps 
there may be two or three anthers stand- 
ing guard at the same time, but, as soon 
as their pollen is exhausted, they shrivel 
and give room for fresh anthers. Mean- 
while, the stigma has its three lobes 
closed and lying idly behind and below 
the anthers; after all the pollen is shed, 
the style rises and takes its position at the 
cave entrance and opens up its stigmas, 
like a three-tined fork, to rake the pollen 
from any visiting insect, thus robbing the 
robber of precious gold dust which shall 
fertilize the seeds in its three-lobed ovary. 
Although the flower flares its colors wide, 
thus attracting the bees and humming- 
birds, yet the growing seeds are protected. 
The stalk which held the flow r er up 
straight now twists around in a spiral and 
draws the triplet seeds down behind the 
green shields. 

Nasturtium leaves are very pretty, and 
are often used as subjects for decorative 
water-color drawings. The almost circu- 
lar leaf has its stalk attached below and 
a little at one side of the center; the leaves 
are brilliant green above but quite pale 
beneath, and are silvery when placed be- 
neath the water. The succulent stems 
have a way of twisting half around the 
wires of the trellis and thus holding the 
plant secure to its support. But if there is 





1, Nasturtium flower in early stage of blos- 
soming. Note the anthers lifted in the path 
to the nectar which is indicated by the arrow. 
The closed stigma w shown deflected at a. 
2, The same flower in later stage ; the anthers 
are empty and deflected. The stigma is raised 
(a) in the nectar path 




Nasturtium leaf showing the work of serpen- 
tine miners 

no trellis, the main stem grows quite 
stocky, often lifting the plant a foot or 
two in height, and from its summit send- 
ing out a fountain of leaf- and flower- 
stalks. Some nasturtiums are dwarf and 
need no support. 

The nasturtium is among the most in- 
teresting and beautiful of our garden 
flowers, and will thrive in any warm, 
sunny, fairly moist place. Its combinations 
of color are exceedingly rich and brilliant. 
H.H.saysofit: 

How carelessly it wears the velvet of the 
same 

l/nfathomed red ? which ceased when Ti- 
tian ceased 

To paint it in the robes of doge and priest. 

LESSON 156 
THE NASTURTIUM 

LEADING THOUGHT The nasturtium 
has a special arrangement by which it 
sends its own pollen to other flowers and 



568 PLANTS 

receives pollen from other flowers by in- 
sect messengers. 

METHOD The nasturtiums and their 
foliage should be brought into the school- 
room in sufficient quantity so that each 
child may have a leaf and a flower for 
study. The object of the lesson is to in- 
terest the pupils in studying, in their 
gardens ? one flower from the bud until 
the petals wither, taking note of what 
happens each day and keeping a list of 
the insect visitors. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Look at the back of 
the flower. What is there peculiar about 
the sepals? How many sepals are there? 
How many join to make the spur? What 
is in this " spur? Taste of the tip. Find 
where the nectar is. 

2. Look the flower in the face. How 
do the two upper petals differ in shape 
from the three lower ones? What mark- 
ings are there on the upper petals? Where 
do these lines point? Are there any mark- 
ings on the sepals pointing in the same 
direction? If an insect visiting a flower 
should follow these lines, where would 
it go? 

3. Describe the shape of the lower 
petals. Suppose a little ant were on one 
of these petals and she tried to pass over 
to the nectar-tube or spur, would the 
fringes hinder her? 

4. Look down the throat of the spur, 
and tell what a bee or other insect w T ould 
have to crawl over before it could get at 
the nectar. 

5. In your garden, or in the bouquet 
in the window if you cannot visit a gar- 



den, select a nasturtium that is just open- 
ing and watch it every day, making the 
following notes: When the blossom first 
opens, where are the eight stamens? Are 
the unripe, closed anthers lifted so as to 
be in the path of the bee which is gather- 
ing nectar? How do the anthers open? 
How is the pollen held up in the path 
to the nectar? Can you see the stigma 
of this flower? Where is it? Note the same 
flower on successive days: How many 
anthers are open and shedding pollen to- 
day? Are they all in the same position as 
yesterday? What happens to the anthers 
which have shed their pollen? 

6. When the stigma rises in the nectar 
path, how does it look? Where are all the 
anthers when the stigma raises its three 
tines which rake the pollen off the visiting 
insect? Do you know why it is an advan- 
tage to the nasturtium to develop its seed 
by the aid of the pollen from another 
plant? 

7. Can you see the beginning of the 
seedcase when the stigma arises to receive 
the pollen? 

8. The flowers project beyond the 
leaves. Do the ripening seedcases do this? 
What happens to their stems to withdraw 
them behind the leaf? 

9. Sketch a nasturtium leaf, and ex- 
plain in what way it is like a shield. How 
does the leaf look when under water? 

10. What sort of stem has the nas- 
turtium? How does it manage to climb 
the trellis? If it has no trellis upon which 
it can climb, does it lie flat upon the 
ground? 



THE BEE-LARKSPUR 



This common flower of our gardens, 
sending up from a mass of dark, deeply 
cut leaves tall racemes of purple or blue 
flowers, has a very interesting story to tell 
those who watch it day by day and get 
acquainted with it and its insect guests. 
The brilliant color of the flowers is due 
to the sepals, which are purple or blue, 
in varying shades; each has on the back 
side near its tip, a green thickened spot. 



If we glance up the flowerstalk, we can 
see that, in the upper buds, the sepals 
are green, but in the lower buds they 
begin to show the blue color; and in a 
bud just ready to open, we can see that 
the blue sepals are each tipped with a 
green knob, and this remains green after 
the sepals expand. The upper and rear- 
most sepal is prolonged into a spur, which 
forms the outside covering of the nectar- 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



spur; it Is greenish, and is wrinkled like 
a long-wristed suede glove; two sepals 
spread wide at the sides and two more be- 
low. All this expanse of blue sepals is a 
background for the petals, which, by their 
contrasting color, attract the bees looking 
for nectar. Such inconsequential petals 
as they are! Two of them " hold hands " 
to make an arch over the entrance to the 
nectar tube; and just below these on each 
side are t\vo more tiny, fuzzy, spreading 
petals, often notched 'at the* tip and al- 
ways hinged in a peculiar way about the 
upper petal; they stand at the door to 
the nectar storehouse. If we peel off the 
wrinkled sepal-covering of the spur, we 
can see the upper petals extending back 
into it, making a somewhat double- 
barreled nectary. 

If we look into a larkspur Sower just 



569 




opened, we see below the petals a bunch 
of green anthers, hanging by white thread- 
like filaments to the center of the flower 
and looking like a bunch of lilliputian 





Cyras Crosby 



Bee-larkspur 



I, Drawing of the bee-larkspur flower en- 
larged. 2, The seed capsule of the bee-larkspur 

bananas. Behind these anthers is an un- 
developed stigma, not visible as yet. After 
the flower has been open for a short time, 
three or four of the anthers rise up and 
stand within the lower petals; while in 
this position, their white pollen bursts 
from them, and no bee may then thrust 
her tongue into the nectar-spur without 
being powdered with pollen. As soon as 
the anthers have discharged their pollen, 
they shrivel, and theii places are taken by 
fresh ones. It may require two or three 
days for all the anthers to lift up and get 
rid of their pollen. After this has been 
accomplished, the three white, closely 
adhering pistils lift up their three stigmas 
into the path to the nectar; and now they 
are ready to receive the pollen which the 
blundering bee brings from other flowers. 
Since we cannot always study the same 
flower for several consecutive days, we can 
read the whole story by studying the 
flowers freshly opened on the upper por- 



570 



PLANTS 



tiort of the stalk, and those below them 
that are in more advanced stages. 

The bees, especially the bumblebee., 
will tell the pollination story to us in the 
garden. A visiting bee alights on the lower 
petals; grasping these firmly she thrusts her 
head into the opening between them and 
probes the spur twice, once in each nectar- 
well. It is a fascinating pastime to fol- 
low the bee as it goes from flower to flower 
like a Madam Pompadour, powdered with 
white pollen. The tips of the tall flower- 




The larkspur 

1, Early stage with stigma deflected. 2, Advanced stage 
with stigma raised 

stalks are likely to bend or curl over; but 
no matter what the direction the broken 
or bent stem takes, the flowers will twist 
around on their pedicels until they face 
the world and the bee, exactly as if they 
were on a normally erect stem. 

All the larkspurs have essentially the 
same pollen story, although some have 
only two petals; in every case the anthers 
at first hang down, and later rise up in the 
path to the nectar. Thus they discharge 
their pollen; after they wither, the stigmas 
arise in a similar position. 

The bee-larkspur has a very beautiful 
fruit. It consists of three graceful capsules 
rising from the same base and flaring out 
into pointed tips. The seeds are fastened 
to the curved side of each capsule, which, 
when ripe, opens; and then they may be 



shaken out by the winds. When studying 
the bud ? we notice two little bracts set at 
its base and these remain with the fruit. 

LESSON 157 
THE BEE-LARKSPUR 

LEADING THOUGHT The bee-larkspur 
begins blossoming early in the season, the 
blossom stalk elongating and developing 
new buds at its tip until late in autumn. 
The flower has a very interesting way of 
inducing the bees to carry its pollen. 

METHOD - Bring to the schoolroom a 
flowerstalk of the bee-larkspur, and there 
study the structure and mechanism of the 
flower. This lesson should inspire the 
pupils to observe for themselves the visit- 
ing bees and the maturing seeds. Ask 
them to write an account of a bumblebee 
making morning calls on the larkspurs. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Which flowers of 
the larkspur open first those near the 
tip of the stem or those below? 

2. Examine the buds toward the tip of 
the flowerstalk. What color are the sepals 
in these buds? Do the sepals change color 
as the flower opens? Note the little green 
knobs which tip the closed sepals that 
clasp the bud. What color are the sepals 
on the open flower? Is there any green 
upon them when open? 

3. Where is the nectar-spur? Which 
sepal forms this? How are the other sepals 
arranged? 

4. Now that we know the flower gets 
its brilliant color from its sepals, let us 
find the petals. Look straight into the 
flower, and note what forms the contrast- 
ing color of the heart of the flower; these 
are the petals. Can you see that two are 
joined above the opening into the nectar- 
tube? How many are at the lower part of 
the entrance? How are these lower petals 
hinged about the upper one? Peel a sepal- 
cover from the nectar-spur, and see if the 
upper petals extend back within the spur, 
forming nectar-tubes. 

5. Take a flower just opened, and de- 
scribe what you see below the petals. 
What is the color of the anthers? Of the 
filaments? Can you see the stigma? 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



57 1 



6. Take a flower farther down the stalk, 
which has therefore been open longer, 
and describe the position of the anthers 
in this. Are any of them standing up- 
right? Are they discharging their pollen? 
What color is the pollen? Are these up- 
right anthers in the way of the bee when 
she thrusts her tongue into the nectar- 
tube? 

7. Take the oldest flower you can find. 
\Vhat has happened to the anthers? Can 
you see the pistils in this flower? In what 
position now are the stigmas? 

8. Push aside the anthers in a freshly 
opened flower and see if you can find the 
stigmas. What is their position? How do 
they change in form and position after the 
pollen is shed? Do they arise in the 
path of the bee before all the pollen 



from the anthers of their own iower is 
shed? 

9. SUGGESTIONS FOR OBSERVATION IN 
THE GARDEN Watch a bumblebee work- 
ing on the larkspur and answer the fol- 
lowing questions: How does she hold on 
to the flower? "\\Tiere does she thrust her 
tongue? Can she get the nectar without 
brushing the pollen from the anthers 
which are lifting up at the opening of 
the nectar-tube? In probing the older 
flowers, how would she come in contact 
with the lifted stigmas? How do the 
petals contrast in color with the sepals? 
Compare the common larkspur with the 
bee-larkspur, and notice the likeness and 
difference. What kind of fruit capsules 
has the bee-larkspur? Describe the seeds, 
and how they are scattered. 



THE BLUE FLAG OR IRIS 

Beautiful lily, dwelling by still rivers 

Or solitary mere, 
Or where the sluggish meadow brook delivers 

Its waters to the weir/ 

The burnished dragon fly is thine attendant, 

And tilts against the field, 
And down the listed sunbeams rides resplendent 

With steel-blue mail and shield. 

" FLOWER-DE-LUCE/' HENRY W. LONGFELLOW 



The iris blossom has a strange appear- 
ance, and this is because nothing in it 
is what it seems. The style of the pistil 
is divided into three broad branches which 
look like petals. These, with the sepals, 
form a tunnel through which bees may 
pass. The true petals, marked with beau- 
tiful purple lines, stand between these 
tunnels. It has been said that such lines 
on flowers guide insects to the nectar- 
wells. This belief is open to question; for 
certainly these lines on the iris leading to 
the center of the flower do not lead to 
the nectar-wells. If we look directly down 
into the flower of the blue flag, we see 
ridges on the broad styles and purple 
veins on the petals, all leading to the 



center of the flower. If an insect alighting 
there should seek for nectar-wells at the 
point where all these lines meet, it would 
find no nectar. 

Dr. Needham, in an admirable study 
of this flower and its visitors, tells us 
that he has seen the little butterflies called 
"skippers," the flag weevils, and other 
flower beetles apparently made victims 
of this deceptive appearance; this is some 
evidence that the guiding lines on flowers 
are noted and followed by insects. 

The Hue flag seems to be specially 
designed for bees; even the large showy 
blossom is, according to Sir John Lub- 
bock ? the favorite color of the bee. The 
bees seem to have no difficulty in finding 



PLANTS 




Larger blue flag 



Leonard K. Beyer 



the nectar. The sepal with its purple and 
yellow tip and its dark veining and golden 
guiding lines marks the path to the nec- 
tar, which is far from the center of the 
flower. The bee alights on the lip of the 
sepal, presses forward scraping her back 
against the down-hanging stigma, then 
scrapes along the open anther which lies 
along the roof of the tunnel. The tunnel 
leads to the nectar-wells at the very base 
of the sepal. 

The bees which Dr. Needham found 
doing the greatest work as pollen carriers 
were small solitary bees (Clisodon termi- 
nalis and Osmia destructa); each of these 
alighted with precision on the lip which 
forms the landing-platform of each tun- 
nel ? pushed its way in, got the nectar 
from both wells, came out, and immedi- 
ately went to another tunnel. One might 
ask why the bee in corning out did not 
deposit the pollen from the anther on the 
stigma of the same flower. The stigma 
prevents this by hanging down, like a 
flap to a tent, above the entrance; its 
surface is so directed that it gathers pollen 
from the entering bee and turns its blank 



side to the bee making an exit. This 
ingenious arrangement insures the cross- 
fertilization which Darwin has shown 
us is so necessary for the most vigorous 
and beautiful offspring. 

The arrangement of the flower parts of 
the iris may be described briefly thus: 
three petals, three sepals, and a style with 
three branches; the latter are broad and 
flat and cover the bases of the three se- 
pals, forming tubes which lead to the 
nectar; three anthers lie along the under- 
side of the styles. The wild yellow iris 
is especially fitted for welcoming the bum- 
blebee as a pollen-carrier, since the en- 
trance between the style and the sepal 
is large enough to admit this larger insect. 
The bumblebees and the honeybees work 
in different varieties of iris in gardens. 

In some varieties of iris there is a coat- 
ing resembling plush on the style which 
forms the floor of the tunnel. Through 
a lens this plush is exquisite the nap 
of white filaments standing up tipped 
with brilliant yellow. Various theories as 
to the use of this plush have been ad- 
vanced, a plausible one being that it is 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



to keep the ants out; but the ants could 
easily pass along either side of it. One 
day in the garden while I was holding an 
iris in my hand, a bumblebee visited it 
eagerly, never noting me: after she had 
probed the nectar-wells, she probed or 
nibbled among the plush, working it 
thoroughly on her way out. Did she possi- 
bly find something there to eat? 

LESSON 158 
THE BLUE FLAG OR IRIS 

LEADING THOUGHT Each iris flower 
has three side doors leading to the nectar- 
wells; and the bees, in order to get the 
nectar, must brush off the pollen dust 
on their backs. 

METHOD \\Tiile the blue flag is the 
most interesting of our wild species of 
iris, yet the flower-de-luce, or the garden 
iris, is quite as valuable for this lesson. 
The form of the flowers may be studied 
in the schoolroom, but the pupils should 
watch the visiting insects in the garden 
or field. 




573 

OBSERVATIONS i . Look for the side 
doors of the iris blossom. Which part of 
the flower forms the doorstep? How is it 




'Sepal 



Detail of the blossoms of the blue flag flower 

1, Side view of the passage to the nectar. 2, Looking 
directly into the iris flowers. Note the deceiving guide- 
lines in tiie petals 

marked? Which part of the flower makes 
the arch above the entrance? 

2, Find the anther, and describe how it 
is placed. Can you see two nectar-wells? 
Explain how a 'bee will become dusted 
with pollen while getting the nectar. 

3, Where is the stigma? What is there 
very peculiar about the styles of the iris? 
Can a bee, when backing out from the 
side door, dust the stigma with the pollen 




Cyrus Crosby 



WUd iris in 'natural surroundings 



Fleur-de-lis 



574 



PLANTS 



she has just swept off? Why not? How 
does the stigma of the next flower that 
the bee visits get some of the pollen from 
her back? 

4. Look straight down into an iris 
flower. Can you see the three petals? How 
are they marked? 

5. Watch the insects visiting the iris. 
Do you know what they are? What do 
the different insects do? 

6. Describe the way the iris flower bud 
is enfolded in bracts. What is there pe- 
culiar about the way the iris leaves join 
the stem? 



7. How many kinds of flag, or iris, do 
you know? 

8. Describe the seed vessel and seeds of 
the iris. 

The fleur-de-lis is the national flower of 
France. 

It is said that the Franks of old had a 
custom, at the proclamation of a king, of 
elevating him upon a shield or target, and 
placing in his hand a reed ? or flag in blos- 
som, instead of a sceptre. 
" AMONG THE FLOWERS AND TREES 

W r ITH THE POETS/' WAIT AND LEONARD 



THE SUNFLOWER 




Anna C. Stryke 

The sunflower. Next to the ray flowers are 
the florets in the last stages of blossoming 
with stigmas protruding; next within are 
rows in the earlier stage with pollen bursting 
from the. anther-tubes, while at the center are 
unopened buds 

Many of the most "beautiful of the 
autumn flowers belong to the Composite, 
a family of such complicated flower ar- 
rangement that it is very difficult for the 
child or the beginner in botany to com- 
prehend it; and yet ? when once under- 
stood, the composite scheme is very sim- 
ple and beautiful, and is repeated over 



and over in flowers of very different ap- 
pearance. It is a plan of flower cooperation; 
there are many flowers associated to form a 
single flower-head. Some of these, the 
" ray " or " banner " flowers, hold out 
bright pennants which attract insects; 
while the disc flowers, which they sur- 
round, attend to the matter of the pollina- 
tion and production of seed. 

The large garden sunflower is the teach- 
er's ally to illustrate to the children the 
story of the composites. Its florets are so 
large that it is like a great wax model. And 
what could be more interesting than to 
watch its beautiful inflorescence that 
orderly march toward the center in double 
lines of anther columns, with phalanxes 
bearing the stigmas surrounding them; 
and outside all, the ranks of ray flowers 
flaunting their flags to herald to the world 
this peaceful conquest of the sleeping, 
tented buds at the center? 

Ordinarily, in nature-study we do not 
pull the flowers apart, as is necessary in 
botany; in nature-study, all that we care 
to know of the flower is what it does, and 
we can see that without dissection. But 
with the composite the situation is quite 
different. Here we have an assemblage of 
flowers, each individual doing its own 
work for the community; and in order to 
make the pupils understand this fact it 
is necessary to study the individual florets. 

We begin with the study of one of 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



575 



the buds at the center of the flower- 
head; this shows the white, immature seed 
below, and the closed, yellow corolla-tube 
above. Within the corolla may be seen 
the brown anther-tube, and on the upper 
part of the seed are two little, white, ear- 
like scales, to which especial notice should 
be directed, since in other composites 
there are many of these scales and they 
form the pappus the balloon to carry 
the seed. The bud shows best the pro- 
tecting chaffy scale which enfolds the 
seed, its pointed, spine-edged tip being 
folded over the young bud, as may be 
seen by examining carefully the center 
of a freshly opened sunflower. In this 
tubular bud (shown in figure) there is a 
telescopic arrangement of the organs, and 
one after another is pushed out. First, 
the corolla-tube opens, starlike, with five 
pointed lobes, very pretty and graceful, 
with a bulblike base; from this corolla 
pushes out the dark-brown tube, made up 
of five anthers grown together. By open- 
ing the corolla ? we see the filaments of 
the stamens below the joined anthers. 
This anther-tube ? if examined through a 
lens ? shows rows of tiny points above and 
below, two to each anther, as if they had 
been opened like a book to join edges with 
their neighbors. The anther-tube is closed 
at the tip, making a five-sided cone; and 
at the seams, the yellow pollen bulges 
out, in starlike rays. The pollen bulges 
out for good reason, for behind it is the 
stigma, like a ramrod ? pushing all before 
it in the tube, for it is its turn next to 
greet the outer world. The two stigma- 
lobes are pressed together like the halves 
of a sharpened pencil, and they protrude 
through the anther-tube as soon as all the 
pollen is safely pushed out; then the 
stigma-lobes separate, each curling back- 
wards so as to offer a receptive surface to 
pollen grains from other florets, or even 
other sunflowers. In the process of curl- 
ing back, they press the anther-tube down 
into the coroHa, and thus make the floret 
shorter than when in the pollen stage. 
The ray flower differs in many essentials 
from the perfect florets of the disc. If 
we remove one from the flower-head, we 




\ J / s-' s k * ' 

y V 4- 
'/ * / '/ 

/ ! / , 



The flower of the sunflower enlarged 

1. A florr! of tht- sunfl'w*T in the liu.l ptaa*? ar it ap- 

pears at the c.vnH'T of iln* sunJknvtT, Not* 4 the* proUtling 
braet at the riuht. 2, A floret m far-heat stage of blossom- 
ing. 3, A fluri'i in the latest Htiijw of bloom with the parts 
named. 4, A ray or banner flower 



find at its base a seedlike portion, which 
is a mere pretense; it is shrunken, and 
never can be a seed because it has con- 
nected with it no stigma to bring to it 
the pollen. Nor does this flower have 
stamens nor a tubular corolla; instead it 
has one great, petal-like banner, many 
times longer and wider than the corollas 
of the other flowers. All this flower has 
to do is to hold its banner aloft as a sign 
to the world, especially the insect world, 
that here is to be found pollen in plenty, 
and nectar for the probing. 

But more wonderful than the perfec- 
tion of each floret is their arrangement 
in the flower-head. Around the edge of 
the disc the ray flowers, in double or 
treble rank, flare wide their long petals 
like the rays of the sun, making the sun- 
flower a most striking object in the land- 
scape. If the sunflower has been open for 
several days, next to the ray flowers will 
be seen a circle of star-mouthed corollas 
from which both ripened pollen and 
stigmas have disappeared,, and the ferti- 
lized seeds below them are attaining their 
growth. Next comes a two- or three- 
ranked circle, where the split, coiled-back 
stigma-lobes protrude from the anther- 
tubes; within this circle may be two or 
three rows of florets, where pollen is be- 
ing pushed out in starry radiance; and 
within this ring there may be a circle 
where the anther-tubes are still closed; 
while at the center lie the buds, arranged 
in an exquisite pattern of circling radii, 
cut by radii circling in the opposite direc- 




Agronomy Dept. Cornell U. 

A field of sunflowers 

tion; and at the very center the buds are 
covered with the green spear-points of 
their bracts. I never look at the buds in the 
sunflower without wondering if the study 
of their arrangement is not the basis of 
much of the most exquisite decoration in 
Moorish architecture. To appreciate fully 
this procession of the bloom of the sun- 
flower from its rim to its center, we need 
to w r atch it day by day then only can 
its beauty become a part of us. 

The great green bracts, with their long 
pointed tips, which overlap each other 
around the base of the sunflower head, 
should be noted with care, because these 
bracts have manifold forms in the great 
Composite family; and the pupil should 
learn to recognize this part of the flower- 
head, merely from its position. In the 
burdocks, these tracts form the hooks 
which fasten to the passer-by; in the 
thistle, they form the prickly vase about 
the blossom; while in the pearly everlast- 
ing, they make the beautiful, white, shell- 
like mass of the flower which we treasure 
as immortal. In the sunflower these bracts 
are very ornamental, being feltlike out- 
side and very smooth inside, bordered 
with fringes of pretty hairs, which may be 
seen best through a lens. They overlap 
each other regularly in circular rows, and 
each bract is bent so as to fit around the 
disc. 

In looking at a mass of garden sun- 



PLANTS 

flowers, we are convinced that the heavy 
heads bend the stems, and this is prob- 
ably true, in a measure. But the stems 
are very solid and firm, and the bend is 
as stiff as the elbow of a stovepipe; and 
after examining it, \ve are sure that this 
bend is made with the connivance of the 
stem, rather than despite it. Probably 
most people, the world over, believe that 
sunflowers twist their stems so that their 
blossoms face the sun all day. This be- 
lief shows the utter contentment of most 
people with a pretty theory. If you be- 
lieve it, you had best ask the first sun- 
flower you see if it is true, and she will 
answer you if you will ask the question 
morning, noon, and night. My own ob- 
servations make me believe that the sun- 
flower, during the later weeks of its 
bloom, is like the Mohammedan, keeping 
its face toward the east. True, I have 
found many exceptions to this rule, al- 
though I have seen whole fields of sun- 
flowers facing eastward, when the setting 
sun was gilding the backs of their great 
heads. If they do turn with the sun, it 
must be in the period of earliest blossom- 
ing before they become heavy with ripen- 
ing seeds. 

The sunflower seed is eagerly sought by 
many birds, and it is raised extensively 
for chicken-feed. The inadequate little 
pappus falls off, and the seeds are set, 
large end up, in the very ornamental 
diamond-shaped sockets. They finally be- 
come loosened, and as the great stem is 
assaulted by the winds of autumn, the 
bended heads shake out their seed and 
scatter them far afield. 

LESSON 159 
THE SUNFLOWER 

LEADING THOUGHT The sunflower is 
not a single flower, but is a large number 
of flowers living together; and each little 
flower, or floret, as it is called, has its 
own work to do. 

METHOD Early in September, when 
school first opens, is the time for this 
lesson. If sunflowers are growing near by y 
they should be studied where they stand; 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



and their story may thus be more com- 
pletely told. Otherwise, a sunflower 
should be brought to the schoolroom and 
placed in water. If one is selected which 
has just begun to blossom, it will show, 
day by day, the advance of the blossoming 
ranks. I have kept such a flower fourteen 
days, and it blossomed cheerfully from 
its rim to its very center. A large sun- 
flower that has only partially blossomed 
is also needed for taking apart to show 
the arrangement of this big flower-cluster. 
Take a bud from the center, a floret show- 
ing anther-tube and another showing the 
curled pair of stigmas, and a ray or banner 
flower. (See Fig. p. 575.) Each pupil 
should be furnished with these four 
florets; and after he has studied them, 
show him the other half of the sun- 
flower, with each floret in place. After 
this preliminary study, let the pupils ob- 
serve the blossoming sunflower for sev- 
eral consecutive days. 

OBSERVATIONS - 1. A little flower 
which is part of a big flower-cluster is 
called a floret. Yon have before you three 
florets of a sunflower and a ray floret. 
Study first the bud. Of how many parts 
is it composed? What will the lower, 
white part develop into? Can you see two 
little white points standing up from it 
on each side of the bud? Note the shape 
and color of the unopened floret. Note 
that there is a narrow, stiff, leaflike bract, 
which at its base clasps the young seed, 
while its pointed tip bends protectingly 
over the top of the bud. 

2. Take an open floret with the long, 
dark brown tube projecting from it. 
Note that the young seed is somewhat 
larger than in the bud, and that it still 
has its earlike projections at the top. De- 
scribe the shape of the open corolla. Look 
at the brown tube with a lens. How many 
sides has it? How many little points pro- 
jecting at the top and bottom on each 
side of the tube? How does the tube look 
at the tip, through a lens? Can you see 
the pollen bursting out? If so, how does 
it look? Do you think that there is just 
one tubular anther ? or do you think sev- 
eral anthers are joined together to make 



this tube? Open the corolla-tube carefully, 
and see if you can answer this last ques- 
tion. Open the anther-tube, and see if 
you can ind the pistil with its stigmas. 

3. Take a floret with the two yellow 
horns of the stigma projecting. Where is 
the brown anther-tube now? Is it as long 
as in the Boret you have just studied? 
What has happened to it? What did the 
stigmas do to the pollen in the anther- 
tube? How do the two parts or lobes of 
the stigma look when they first project? 
How later? 

4. Take a ray flower. How many parts 
are there to it? How does the seedlike 
portion of the blossom look? Do you 
think it will ever be a good seed? Describe 
the corolla of this flower. How much 
larger is it than the corolla of the florets? 
Has the ray flower any pistil or stamens? 
Of what use is the ray flower to the sun- 
lower cluster? Do you think that we 
would plant sunflowers in our gardens 
for their beauty if they had no ray flowers? 

5. After studying the separate flowers, 
study a sunflower in blossom, and note 
the following: Where are the ray flowers 
placed? How many rows are there? How 
are they set so that their rays make the 
sunflower look like the sun? Do you see 
why the central portion of the sunflower 
is called the disc, and the outer flowers 
are called the rays in imitation of the 
sun? 

6. Next to the ray flowers, what sort 
of florets appear? How many rows are 
there? What kind form the next circle, 
and in how many rows? What stages of 
the florets do you find forming the inner 
circle, and how many rows? What do you 
find at the center of the iower-head? 
Note the beautiful pattern in which the 
buds are arranged. Can you see the sepa- 
rate buds at the very center of the sun- 
flower? If not ? why? 

7. Make notes on a sunflower that has 
just opened, describing the stages of the 
florets that are in blossom; continue these 
notes every day for a week, describing 
each day what has happened. If the sun- 
flower you are observing is in garden or 
field, note how many days elapse between 



578 PLANTS 

the opening of the outer row of flowers 
and the opening of the central buds. 

8. Look below or behind the sunflower, 
and note the way it is attached to the 
stem. What covers the disc? These green, 
overlapping, leaflike structures are called 
bracts. What is the shape of one of these 
bracts? What is its texture, outside and 
inside? Look at it with a lens, along the 
edges, and note what you see. How are 
the bracts arranged? Do they not 
" 4 shingle " the house of the sunflower 
cluster? This covering of the disc, or the 
house of the sunflower cluster, is called 
the involucre. 

9. Does the stem of the sunflower hold 
it upright? Some people declare that it 
twists its stem so as to face the sun all 
day. Do you think this is true? 

10. Study a sunflower head after the 
seeds are ripe. Do the little ears which 
you saw at the top of the seeds still re- 
main? How does the sunflower scatter the 



seeds? Note how the disc looks after the 
seeds are all gone. What birds are espe- 
cially fond of sunflower seeds? Of what 
use are the seeds commercially? 

Flowers have an expression of counte- 
nance as much as men or animals. Some 
seem to smile; some have a sad expression; 
some are pensive and diffident; others 
again are plain, honest, and upright, like 
the broad-faced Sunflower, and the holly- 
hock 

HENRY WARD BEECHER 

Eagle of flowers/ 1 see thee stand, 

And on the sun's noon-glory gaze; 
With eye like his thy lids expand 

And fringe their disk with golden rays; 
Though fixed on earth, in darkness rooted 

there, 
Light is thy element, thy dwelling air, 

Thy prospect heaven. 

" THE SUNFLOWER/' MONTGOMERY 



THE BACHELOR'S-BUTTON 




Stumpp and Walter Co. 

Bachelor's-button 



This beautiful garden flower gives a 
variation in form from other composites 
when studied according to Lesson 131. 
This valued flower came to us from Eu- 
rope and it sometimes escapes cultiva- 
tion and runs wild in a gentle way. We 
call it bachelor's-button; but in Europe 
it is called the cornflower, and under 
this name it found its way into literature. 
None of the flowers that live in clusters 
repays close study better than does the 
bachelor's-button. The flowers are all tu- 
bular, but they do not have banners. 
Their tubes flare open like trumpets, and 
they are indeed color trumpets heralding 
to the insect world that there is nectar 
for the probing and pollen for exchange. 
Looked at from above, the marginal flow- 
ers do not seem tubular; from the sides, 
they show as uneven-mouthed trumpets 
with lobed edges; but though we search 
each trumpet to its slender depths we 
can find no pistils. These marginal flowers 
have no duty in the way of maturing seeds. 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



In some varieties the marginal flowers are 
white, and in others they are blue, pink ? 
or purple. They vary in number from 
seven to fourteen or more. 

The disc flowers have a long corolla- 
tube, which is white and delicately lobed 
and is enlarged toward the upper* end to 
a purple bulb with five long slender lobes. 
The anther-tube is purplish black, and is 
bent into almost a hook, the tip opening 
toward the middle of the flower-head. 
The pollen is glistening white tinged with 
yellow, and looks very pretty as it bursts 
out from the dark tubes. The purple 
stigma first appears with its tips close to- 
gether, but with a pollen brash just below 
it; later it opens into a short Y. The buds 
at the center of the flower are bent hook- 
shaped over the center of the flower-head. 
The involucral bracts or " shingles T? are 
very pretty, each one ornamented with a 
scaly fringe; they form a long, elegantly 
shaped base to the flower-head. After the 
flowers have gone and the seeds, which are 
really akenes, have ripened, these bracts 
flare open, making a wide-mouthed urn 
from which the ripened seeds are shaken 
by the winds; and after the seeds are gone, 
the white fuzz of their empty cases re- 
mains at the bottom of the urn. The seed 
is plump and shining, with a short fringe 
of pappus around the top and a contracted 
place at one side near the base where it 
grew fast to the receptacle; for these seeds 
are not set on end, as are those of the 




Stumpp and Walter Co. 

Sweet sultan. This flower comes in many 
shades 

sunflower. The short pappus is hardly suf- 
ficient to buoy up the seed, and yet un- 
doubtedly aids it to make a flying jump 

with the passing breeze. 

LESSON 160 
THE BACHELOR'S-BUTTON 

LEADING THOUGHT Each bachelor's- 
button is made up of many little flowers, 
which may be studied by the outline 
given in Lesson 131. 



THE SALVIA OR SCARLET SAGE 



The flower story of the sage is so pe- 
culiar that Darwin has used it to illustrate 
the mechanisms which the visiting in- 
sects must work in some flowers in or- 
der to get the nectar. The scarlet sage, 
which gladdens our flower-beds during 
the summer and autumn with its bril- 
liance, has as interesting a story as has 
any of its family. Looking at it from the 
outside ? we should say that its nectar-wells 
lie too deep to be reached by any creature 
except a moth or butterfly, or a humming- 
bird; there is no platform for a bee to 



alight upon, and the tube* is too long to 
be fathomed by a bee's tongue; but the 
bees are very good business folk; they 
adapt themselves to flowers of various 
types, and in autumn the glow of the 
salvia attracts the eye scarcely more than 
the hum of the visiting bees attracts the 



ear. 



The calyx of the salvia is as red as the 
corolla, and is somewhat fuzzy while 
the corolla is smooth. The calyx is a three- 
lobed bulging tube held stiff by rather 
strong veins; there is one large lobe above 




PLANTS 



The salvia or scarlet sage, showing the 
bracts still present above and falling as the 
flowers open 

and two small ones below the corolla. The 
corolla is a tube which is more than twice 
the length of the calyx; it is prolonged 
above into a projecting hood, which holds 
the anthers and the stigma; it has a short, 
cuplike lower lip and two little turned- 
back, earlike lobes at the side. 

The special mechanism of the salvia is 
shown in the stamens; there are two of 
these lying flat along the floor of the co- 
rolla-tube and grown fast to it. Near the 
mouth of the tube, each of these lifts up at 
a broad angle to the roof, and is more or 



less T-shaped; at the tip of one of the arms 
of the T is an anther while the other arm 
is longer and slants down and inward to 
the floor of the tube, as shown at 2 in the 
figure. 

The bee visiting the flower and entering 
the corolla-tube pushes her head against 
the inner arms of the stamens, lifting 
them, and in so doing causes the anthers 
on the front arms of the T to lower and 
leave streaks of pollen along her fuzzy 
sides. The stigma is at first concealed in the 
hood; but, when ripe, it projects and 
hangs down in front of the opening of the 
corolla-tube, where it may be brushed 
along one side or the other by the visit- 
ing insect, which has been dusted with 
the pollen of some other flower. The 
stigma lobes open in such a manner that 
they do not catch the pollen from the 
insect backing out of their own corolla. 
As the nectar is at the base of the corolla- 
tube, the bees, in order to get it, crawl in 
almost out of sight. Late in the season 
they seem to " go crazy " when gathering 
this nectar; I have often seen them search- 
ing the bases of the corolla-tubes which 
have fallen to the ground, in order to get 
what is left of the sweet treasure. 

But the pollen story is not all that is 
of interest in the salvia. Some of the parts 
of the flower which are green in most 
blossoms are scarlet as a cardinal's robe 




1, Blossom of scarlet sage as seen from out- 
side. 2, The same flower with side removed 
showing the arrangement of its parts. 3, A 
bee working the stamen's mechanism as she 
seeks the nectar 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



in this. If we glance at a flowerstalk, we 

see that at its tip it looks like a braided, 
flattened cone; this appearance is caused 
by the scarlet, long-pointed bracts, each 
of which covers with its bulging base the 
scarlet calyx, which in turn enfolds the 
scarlet flower bud. These bracts fall as 
the flowers are ready to open, making a 
brilliant carpet about the plant. Each 
flowerstalk continues to develop buds at 
its tip for a long season; and this, taken 
together with its scarlet bracts and flow- 
ers, renders the salvia a thing of beauty in 
our gardens, and makes it cry aloud to 
pollen-carriers that here, even in late au- 
tumn, there is plenty of nectar. 

LESSON 161 
SALVIA OR SCARLET SAGE 

LEADING THOUGHT This flower has 
the bracts and calyx scarlet instead of 
green, and this makes it a brilliant mass 
of color which pleases our eyes and at- 
tracts the pollen-carrying insects. Its an- 
thers are placed at the tip of two levers, 
which the insects push up and down as 
they enter the flower, thus becoming 
dusted with pollen. 

METHOD The structure of this flower 
may be studied in the schoolroom and its 
mechanism there understood; but the 
most important part of the lesson is the ob- 
servation out-of-doors upon the way the 
bees work the stamen levers when seeking 
the nectar. This is best observed during 
late September or October, after other 
flowers are mostly gone, and when the 
bees are working with frantic haste to get 
all the honey possible. 



OBSERVATIONS i. How does the calyx 

of the salvia differ from that of other 
flowers in color? How does it differ from 
the corolla in texture? How many lobes 
has it? How are they placed about the 
corolla? 

2. What is the shape of the corolla? 
How does it make a hood over the en- 
trance to the tube? What does the hood 
hold? Is there any platform made by the 
lower lip of the corolla for a visiting in- 
sect to alight upon? 

3. Cut open one side of the corolla and 
describe how the stamens are arranged. 
Thrust your pencil into an uninjured 
flower and see if the anthers in the hood 
are moved by it. How? Describe how a 
bee in visiting this flower moves the an- 
thers and becomes dusted with pollen. 

4. Where is the stigma? How does it 
receive pollen from visiting insects? 
Would it be likely to get the pollen which 
has just been scraped off from its own an- 
thers by the bee? Why? 

5. Experiment to find where the nectar 
is. Do you ever see bees getting the nec- 
tar from fallen flowers? Do they get the 
nectar from the "front" or the "back 
door"? 

6. What other parts of this flower are 
red, which in other flowers are green? How 
does this make the budding portions of 
the flower stem look? Why does this make 
the salvia a more beautiful plant for our 
gardens? 

7. Compare the mechanism of the sta- 
mens of the scarlet sage with the mecha- 
nism of the stamens of the common 
garden sage. 



PETUNIAS 

These red-purple and white flowers, compound of two original species; the 

which, massed in borders and beds, make first one was found on the shores of the 

gay our gardens and grounds in late sum- La Plata in South America and was in- 

mer and early autumn, have an interest- troduced into Europe in 1823. " It Is a 

ing history. Professor L. H. Bailey uses it plant of upright habit, thick sticky leaves 

as an illustration in his thought-inspiring and sticky stems, and very long-tubed 

book, The Survival of the I/mite; he says white flowers which exhale a strong per- 

that our modem petunias are a strange fume at nightfall." The second species of 



PLANTS 




W. Atlee Burpee Co. 



petunia came from seeds sent from Argen- 
tina to the Glasgow Botanical Gardens in 
1831. " This is a more compact plant than 
the other, with a decumbent base, nar- 
rower leaves and small, red-purple flowers 
which have a very broad or ventricose tube ? 
scarcely twice longer than the slender calyx 
lobes." This plant was called Petunia vio- 
lacea and it was easily hybridized w r ith the 
white species; it is now, strangely enough, 
lost to cultivation, although the white spe- 
cies is found in some old gardens. The hy- 
brids of these two species are the ancestors 
of our garden petunias, which show the 
purple-red and white of their progenitors. 
The petunias are of the Nightshade family 
and are kin to the potato, tomato, egg- 
plant, tobacco, and Jimson weed; and the 
long-tongued sphinx or hummingbird 
moths secure much nectar from their blos- 
soms. 

The petunia corolla is tubular, and the 
five lobes open out in salver-shape; each 
lobe is slightly notched at its middle, from 
which point a marked midrib extends to 



the base of the tube. In some varieties the 
edges of the lobes are ruffled. Within the 
throat of the tube may be seen a network 
of darker veins, and in some varieties this 
network spreads out over the corolla lobes. 
Although many colors have been devel- 
oped in petunias, the red-purple and white 
still predominate; when the two colors 
combine in one flower, the pattern may 
be symmetrical, but is often broken and 
blotchy. 

When a flower bud is nearly ready to 
open, the long, bristly tube of the corolla 
lies with its narrow base set in the calyx, 
the long, fuzzy lobes of which flare out 
in bell-shape; the tube is marked by length- 
wise lines made by the five midribs; the 
lobes of the corolla are folded along the 
outer portions of these midribs, and these 
folded tips are twisted together much as 
if some one had given them a half turn 
with the thumb and finger. It is a pleasing 
experience to watch one of these flowers 
unfold. When a flower first opens, there 
lies near the bottom of the throat of the 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



tube the green stigma, with two anthers 
snuggled up in front of it and two behind 
it, the latter being not quite so advanced 
in age as the former. As the filaments of 
the front pair of anthers are longer than 
those of the rear pair, the little group lies 
at a low angle offering a dusty doormat 
for entering insects. If we open a flower 
at this stage we End another anther, as 
yet unopened, which is on the shortest 
stamen of the five. This seems to be 
a little pollen reserve, perhaps for its own 
use later in the season. There is an in- 
teresting mechanism connected with these 
stamens; each is attached to the corolla- 
tube at the base for about half its length, 
and at the point of attachment curves sud- 
denly inward so as to " cuddle up " to the 
pistil, the base of which is set In the nec- 
tar-well at the bottom of the flower. If 
we introduce a slender pencil or a tooth- 
pick into the flower-tube along the path 
which the moth's tongue must follow to 
reach the nectar, we can see that the 
stamens, pressing against it at the point 
where they curve inward, cause the an- 
thers to move about so as to discharge 
their pollen upon It; and as the toothpick 
is withdrawn they close upon it cogently so 
that it carries off all the pollen with which 
it is brought In contact. 

If we look at the stigma at the center 
of Its anther guard, It has a certain close- 
fisted appearance, although its outer 
edges may be dusted with the pollen; as 
the flower grows older, the stigma stands 
above the empty anthers at the throat 
of the flower-tube and opens out Into two 
distinct lobes. Even though It may have 
accepted some of its own pollen, It ap- 
parently opens up a new stlgmatic surface 
for the pollen brought from other flowers 
by visiting insects. 

Dr. James G. Needham says that at 
Lake Forest he has been attracted to the 
petunia beds in the twilight by the whir- 
ring of the wings of countless numbers of 
sphinx, or hummingbird moths, which 
were visiting these flowers. We also may 
find these moths hovering over petunia 
beds in almost any region if we visit them 
on the warmer evenings. And It is a safe 



583 



guess that the remote white ancestor of 
our petunias had some special species of 
sphinx moth which it depended upon for 
carrying its pollen; and the strong perfume 
it exhaled at nightfall was an odor signal 
to Its moth friends to come and feast. 




t A petunia blossom cut open on, the upper 
side, showing the pistil surrounded by the in- 
curved stamens and the partially* opened 
stigma surrounded by the anthers. Nate the 
short stamen below the pistil 

With their long feeding tubes the hum- 
mingbird moths have little difficulty in 
securing the nectar, but bees also "will 
work industriously In the petunias. They 
will scramble Into the blossoms and, ap- 
parently complaining with high-pitched 
buzzing because of the tight fit, rifle the 
nectar-wells that seem to be better 
adapted to insects of quite different build. 

The leaves of the petunia are so broadly 
ovate as to be almost lozenge-shape, es- 
pecially the lower ones; they are soft, and 
have prominent veins on the lower side; 
they are without stipules, and have short 
flat petioles. The stems are soft and fuzzy 
and are usually decumbent at the base, 
except the central stems of a stool or 
clump, which stand up straight. 

The flower stems come off at the axils 
of the leaves; the lower flowers open first. 
The blossoms remain open about two 
days; at the first sign of fading, the lobes 
of the corolla droop dejectedly like a frill 
that has lost Its starch, and finally the co- 
rolla tube and all drops off, leaving 
a little conical seed capsule nestled snugly 
in the heart of the bell-shaped calyx. At 
this time, if this peaked cap of the seed 



5 8 4 

capsule Tbe removed, the many seeds look 
lite tiny white pearls set upon the fleshy, 
conical' placenta. As the capsule ripens, 

it grows brown and glossy like glazed 
manila paper and it is nearly as thin; then 
it cracks precisely down its middle, and 
the seeds are spilled out at any stirring 
of the stems. The ripe seeds are dark 
brown, almost as ine as dust, and yet, 
when examined with a lens, they are seen 
to be exquisitely netted and pitted. 

SUGGESTED READING Nature and Sci- 
ence Readers, by Edith M. Patch and Har- 
rison E. Howe, "Book 5, Science at Home; 
also, readings on page 546. 



LESSON 162 
THE PETUNIA 

LEADING THOUGHT The petunias are 
native to South America; they have an in- 
teresting history. Such insects as hum- 
mingbird moths are attacted to their flow- 
ers, and from them easily secure pollen 
and nectar. 

METHOD The petunias are such de- 
termined bloomers that they give us flow- 
ers up to the time of killing frosts, and 
they are therefore good material for na- 
ture lessons. Each pupil should have a 
lower in hand to observe during the les- 
son, and should also have access to a pe- 
tunia bed for observations on the habits 
of the plant. 

OBSERVATIONS i . What colors do you 
ind in the petunia flowers? If they are 
striped or otherwise marked, what are 
the colors? Are the markings symmetrical 
and regular? 

2. Sketch or describe a flower, looking 
into it. What is the shape of the corolla 
lobes? How many lobes are there? How are 
they veined? What peculiar markings are 
at the throat of the flower? 

3. What are the color and position of 
the stigma? How are the stamens ar- 
ranged? How many anthers do you see? 
What is the color of the anthers? Of the 
pollen? 

4. Sketch or describe the iower from 



PLANTS 

the side. What is the shape of the co 
rolla-tube? Is it smooth or fuzzy? How is 
it marked? \\Tiat are the number and 
shape of the sepals, or lobes, of the calyx? 

5. Study a freshly opened flower, and 
describe the position and appearance of 
the anthers and stigma. Do they remain 
in these relative positions after the flower 
is old? 

6. Cut open a flower, slitting it along 
the upper side. Describe the stamens and 
how they are attached. Is the pistil at- 
tached in the same manner? Where is 
the nectar? Thrust a slender pencil or a 
toothpick into the tube of a fresh flower, 
Does this spread the anthers apart and 
move them around? When it is with- 
drawn, is there pollen on it? Can you see 
in your open flower the mechanism by 
which the pollen is dusted on the object 
thrust into the flower? 

7. What insects have tongues suffi- 
ciently long to reach the nectar-well at the 
bottom of the petunia flower? At what 
time do these insects fly? At what time 
of day do most of the petunia flowers 
open? Visit the petunia beds in the twi- 
light, and note whether there are any in- 
sects visiting them. What insects do you 
find visiting these flowers during the day? 

8. Sketch or describe the leaves of the 
petunia. How do the leaves feel? Look at 
a leaf with a lens and note the fringe of 
hair along its edges. Describe the veining 
of the leaf. 

9. Describe the petunia stems. Are they 
stout or slender? How do they feel? With 
what are they covered? Where do the 
flowerstalks come off the main stem? 

10. Describe or sketch a flower bud 
just ready to open. How are the tips of the 
lobes folded? How long does the flower 
remain in bloom? What is the first sign 
of its fading? 

11. Describe the seed capsule. Where 
does it open? Are the seeds many or few, 
large or small? What is their color when 
ripe? When examined with a lens, have 
the seeds any noticeable pits or mark- 
ings? 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



585 



THE GARDEN OR GERANIUM 

The geraniums perhaps do more to 
brighten the world than almost any other 
cultivated flowers. They will grow for 
everyone, whether for the gardener in the 
conservatory of the rich, or in a tin can 
on the window sill of the crowded tene- 
ment of the poor. And it is interesting 
to know that this common plant has a 
cultivated ancestry of two hundred years' 
standing. These geraniums, which are 
really not geraniums botanically but are 
Pelargoniums, originally came from south- 
ern Africa, and the two ancestors of our 
common bedding geraniums were intro- 
duced into England in 1710 and 1714. 

The geranium is of special value to the 
teacher, since it is available for study at 
any season of the year, and has a most 
interesting blossom. The single-flowered 
varieties should be used for this lesson, 
since the blossoms that are double have 
lost their original form. Moreover, the 
geranium's blossom is so simple that it is 
of special value as a subject for a beginning 
lesson in teaching the parts of a iower; 
and its leaves and stems may likewise be 
used for the first lessons in plant structure. 

The stem is thick and fleshy, and is 




L. ;4? t &lt;&gt;l!nr 




butterfly on a geranium 



Horseshoe geranium. Xote the positions of 
the opened flowers and the buds. Note the 
shape of the two upper petals with their col- 
ored lines. The flower at the left, in pro~ 

file, that these upper project 

farther forward than those below. Note the 
cluster of young buds set in a circlet of bracts 
just below this 'flower 

downy on the new growth; there is much 
food stored in these stems, which accounts 
for the readiness with which cuttings from 
them will grow. Two stipules are found 
on the stem at the base of each petiole. 
These stipules often remain after the 
leaves have fallen, thus giving the stem 
an unkempt look. The leaves are of vari- 
ous shapes, although of one general pat- 
tern; they are circular and beautifully scal- 
loped and lobed, with veins for every lobe 
radiating from the petiole; they are vel- 
vety above and of quite different texture 
beneath, and many show the dark horse- 
shoe which gives the name to this variety. 
The petiole is usually long and stiff and 
the leaves are set alternately upon the 
stem. 



586 



PLANTS 



The flower has five petals, and at first 
glance they seem of much the same shape 
and position; but if we look at them care- 
fully, we see that the upper two are 
much narrower at the base and project 
farther forward than do the lower three. 
Moreover, there are certain lines on these 
upper petals all pointing toward the cen- 
ter of the flower; and if we follow them 
we find a deep nectar-well just at the base 
of these upper petals and situated above 
the ovary of the flower. No other flower 
shows a prettier plan for guiding insects 
to the hidden sweets, and in none is there 
a more obvious and easily seen well of 
nectar. It extends almost the whole length 
of the flowerstalk, the nectar-gland form- 
ing a hump near the base of the stalk. If 
we thrust a needle down the whole length 
of this nectar-tube we can see that this 
bright flow r er developed its nectar espe- 
cially for some long-tongued insect, prob- 
ably a butterfly. It is interesting to note 
that in the doable geranium where the 
stamens have been all changed to petals 
and where, therefore, no seeds are formed, 
this nectar-well has been lost. 

There are five sepals, the lower one be- 
ing the largest. But the geranium is care- 
less about the number of its stamens; most 
flowers are very good mathematicians, and 
if they have five sepals and five petals they 
are likely to have five or ten stamens. The 
geranium often shows seven anthers, but 
if we look carefully we may find ten sta- 
mens, three of them without anthers. But 
this is not always true; there are some- 
times five anthers and two or three fila- 
ments without anthers. The color of the 
anthers differs with the variety of the 
flower. The stamens broaden below, and 
their bases are joined, making a cup 
around the lower part of the ovary. The 
pistil is at the center of the flower and 
has no style, but at the summit divides 
into five long, curving stigmas; but again 
the geranium cannot be trusted to count, 
for sometimes there are seven or eight 
stigmas. Although many of our common 
varieties of geraniums have been bred so 
long that they have almost lost the habit 
of producing seed, yet we may often find 



in these single blossoms the ovary changed 
into the peculiar long beaklike pod, 
which shows the relationship of this plant 
to the crane's-bill or wild geranium. 

When the buds of the geranium first 
appear, all of them are nestled in a nest 
of protecting bracts, each bud being en- 
closed in its own protecting sepals. But 
soon each flowerstalk grows longer and 
droops and often the bracts at its base 
fall off; from this mass of drooping buds, 
the ones at the center of the cluster lift 
up and open their blossoms first. Often, 
when the outside flowers are in bloom, 
those at the center have withered petals. 

It would be well to say something to 
the pupils about those plants which have 
depended upon man so long for their 
planting that they do not develop any 
more seed for themselves. In connection 
with the geraniums, there should be a les- 
son on how to make cuttings and start 
their growth. The small side branches or 
the tips of the main stems may be used 
as cuttings. With a sharp knife make a 
cut straight across. Fill shallow boxes with 
sand, and plant the cuttings in these 
boxes, putting the stems for one-third of 
their length in the sand; place them in a 
cool room and keep them constantly 
moist. After about a month the plants 
may be repotted in fertile soil. The fall is 
the best time to make cuttings. 

LESSON 163 

THE GARDEN OR HORSESHOE 
GERANIUM 

LEADING THOUGHT The geraniums 
are very much prized as flowers for orna- 
mental beds. Let us see why they are so 
valued. 

METHOD A variety of geranium with 
single Sowers should be chosen for this 
purpose, and it may be studied in the 
schoolhouse window or in the garden. 
As the parts of this flower are of a very 
general type, it is an excellent one with 
which to teach the names and purposes 
of the flower parts. Each child can make 
a little drawing of the sepals, petals, sta- 
mens, and pistil, and label them with the 
proper names. 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



587 



OBSERVATIONS i. What sort of 
has the geranium? Is it smooth or downy? 
What makes the geranium look so 

rough and untidy? 

2. Study the leaf. Show, by description 
or by drawing, its shape, its wings, and its 
veins. What are its colors and texture 
above? Beneath? Is the petiole long or 
short? What grows at the base of the peti- 
ole where it joins the stem? What mark- 
ing is there on the leaf, which makes us 
call this a "horseshoe geranium*? Are 
there other geraniums with leaves of simi- 
lar shape that have no horseshoe mark? 

3. Study the flower. Are the petals all 
the same size and shape? How many of 
them are broad? How many narrow? Do 
the narrow ones project in front of the 
others? Do these have lines upon them? 
Where do these lines point? Find the 
nectar-well; how deep is it? Does it extend 
almost the entire length of the flower- 
stalk? For what insects is it fitted? Are 
there nectar-tubes in the stems of the 
geraniums with double flowers? 

4. How many sepals are there? Are they 
all the same size? Where is the largest? 

5. How many stamens can you see? 
What Is the color of the filaments and 
of the anthers? How are the stamens 
joined at their bases? Can you find any 
stamens without anthers? 

6. Where is the pistil situated? Can you 
see the ovary, or seed box? How many 
stigmas? Describe their color and shape? 

7. In what part of the flower will the 
seeds be developed? How does the gera- 
nium fruit look? Sketch the pod. Do the 
geraniums develop many seeds? Why not? 
Do yon know the seed pod of the wild 
geranium? If so, compare it with the pod 
of this plant. 

8. Take a flower-cluster when the flow- 
ers are all in the bud, and note the follow- 



ing: When the buds first appear, what 
protects them? What of these 

bracts later? How do the sepals protect 
the bud? Are the upright and 




of a 



Sp, sepals: P. petals: A, anthers: F, filament: Pt, 
stigma; O, opening to n*ctar gland; N, nectar gland 

stiff or drooping? How many buds are 
there in a cluster? 

9, Take notes on successive days as fol- 
lows: What to the as the 
bud gets ready to bloom? Is it a centra! 
or an outside blossom that irst? 
How many new blossoms are there each 
day? How long is it from the time that 
the first bud opens until the last bud of 
the cluster blossoms? What has this to 
do with making the geranium a valuable 
ornamental plant? 

10. Make some geranium cuttings, and 
note how they develop into new plants. 
Place one of the cuttings in a bottle of 
water and describe how its roots 

and grow. 

God' made the lowers to beautify 
The earth, and cheer man's careful niood; 
And' he is happiest who hath power 
To gather wisdom from a Sower, 
And wake his heart in every hour 
To pleasant gratitude. 

WORDSWORTH 



588 



PLANTS 



THE SWEET PEA 

Here are sweet peas on tiptoe for a flight., 
With wings of delicate flush o'er delicate white. 
And taper fingers catching at all things, 
To bind them all about with tiny rings. 

KEATS. 



Among the most attractive of the seeds 
which make up the treasure of the chil- 
dren's seed packets are the sweet peas. 
They are smooth little white or brown 
globules, marked with a scar on the side 
showing where they were attached to the 




Sweet pea, blossoms and seed pods 

pod. One of these peas divides readily into 
two sections; and after it has been soaked 
in water for twenty-four hours, the em- 
bryo of the future plant may, with the 
aid of a lens, be seen within it. After 
planting, the sprout pushes through the 
seed coat at a point very near the scar, 
and a leaf shoot emerges from the same 
place; but the two act very differently. 
The shoot lifts upward toward the light, 
and the root plunges down into the soil. 
As the plant grows, it absorbs the food 



stored in the seed; but the seed remains 
below ground and does not lift itself into 
the air, as happens with the bean. The 
root forms many slender branches, near 
the tips of w r hich may be seen the fringe 
of roots, which take up the minerals and 
water from the soil. The first leaves of 
the pea seedling put forth no tendrils, 
but otherwise look like the later ones. 
The leaves grow alternately on the stalk, 
and they are compound, each having from 
three to seven leaflets. The petiole is 
winged, as is also the stem of the plant. 
There is a pair of large, clasping stipules 
at the base of each leaf. If we compare 
one of these leaves with a spray of tendrils, 
we can see that they resemble each other 
in the following points: The basal leaflets 
of the petiole are similar and the stipules 
are present in each case; but the leaflets 
nearest the tip are marvelously changed to 
little stiff stalks with a quirl at the tip 
of each, ready to reach out and hook upon 
any object that offers surface to cling to. 
Sometimes we find a leaflet paired with 
a tendril. The sweet pea could not grow 
vigorously without a support outside of 
itself. 

Of course, the great upper petal of the 
sweet-pea blossom is called the banner! 
It stands aloft and proclaims the sweet 
pea as open; but before this occurs, it 
tenderly enfolds all the inner part of the 
flower in the unopened bud, and when 
the flower fades it again performs this 
duty. The wings are also well named; for 
these two petals which hang like a peaked 
roof above the keel seem like wings just 
ready to open in flight. The two lower 
petals are sewed together in one of Na- 
ture's invisible seams, making a long, 
curved treasure-chest resembling the keel 
of a boat, and it has thus been called. 
Within the keel are hidden the pistil and 



GARDEN FLOWERS 



589 



stamens. The ovary is long, pod-shaped 
and downy; from Its tip the style projects, 
as strong as a wire, curving upwards, and 
covered with a brush of fine, white hairs; 
at the very tip of the style, and often pro- 
jecting slightly from the keel is the stigma. 
Around the sides and below the ovary and 
style are nine stamens, their filaments 
broadening and uniting to make a white, 
silken tube about the ovary, or young pod. 
From the tip of this stamen-tube, each 
of the nine filaments disengages itself, 
and lying close to the style thrusts its 
anther up into the point of the keel, be- 
low the stigma. But strange to say, one 
lone, lorn stamen " locks by itself " above 
the pistil, curving its anther up stigma- 
ward. If we touch the point of the keel 
with the finger, up fly like a jack-in-the- 
box the anthers splashing the finger 
with pollen; and if a bee, in her search 
for nectar, alights on the wings at the 
very base of the petals, up flies the pollen 
brush and daubs her with the yellow dust, 
which she may deposit on another stigma, 
The interesting part of this mechanism 
is the brush near the tip of the style be- 
low the stigma a veritable broom, with 
splints all directed upward. As the pollen 
is discharged around it, the brash lifts it 
up when the keel is pressed down, and the 





f * 

Blossom oj sweet pea with parts labelled 



stiff petals forming the keel, in springing 
back to place, scrape off the pollen and 
plaster it upon the visitor. But for all this 
elaborate structure, sweet peas, of all flow- 
ers, are the most difficult to cross-pollinate, 
since they are so likely to receive some of 
their own pollen during this process. 

The sweet-pea bud droops, a tubular 
calyx with its five-pointed lobes forming 
a bell to protect it. Within the bud the 
banner petal clasps all in its protecting 
embrace. 

After the petals fall, the young pod 
stands out from the calyx, the five lobes 
of which are recurved and remain until 




j 

W. Atlee Burpee Co. 

Sweet pea in flower 

the pod is well grown. As the sweet pea 
ripens, all the moisture is lost and the 
pod becomes dry and hard; through the 
dampness of dews at night and the sun's 
heat which warps it by day, finally each 
side of the pod suddenly cols into a 
spiral, flinging the seed many feet distant 
in different directions. 

LESSON 164 
THE SWEET PEA 

LEADING THOUGHT The sweet pea 
has some of its leaflets changed to tendrils 
which hold it to the trellis. Its flower is 
like that of the clover, the upper petal 
forming the banner, the two side petals 
the wings, and the two united lower petals 
the keel which protects the stamens and 
pistil. 

METHOD This should be a garden les- 
son. A study should be made of the peas 
before they are planted, and their germina- 
tion carefully watched. Later, the method 
of climbing, the flower and the fruit 
should each be the subject of a lesson. 




PLANTS 



Sweet-pea pod bursting in spiral 

OBSERVATIONS ox GERMINATION i. 

Soak some sweet peas over night; split 
them the next morning. Can you see 
the little plant within? 

2. Plant some of the soaked peas in 
cotton batting, which may be kept moist. 
At what point does the sprout break 
through the seed covering? Do the root 
and leaf shoot emerge at the same place ? 
or at different points? Which is the first 
to appear? 

3. Plant some of the soaked peas in the 
garden. How do the young plants look 
when they first appear? Does the fleshy 
part of the seed remain a part of the plant 
and appear above the ground, as is the 
case with the bean? What becomes of 
the meat of the seed after growth has 
started? 

4. Do the first leaves which unfold 
from the seed pea look like the later 
ones? Are the leaves simple or compound? 
Do they grow opposite each other or al- 
ternately? 

5. Take a leaf and also a spray of the 
tendrils. How many leaflets are there in 
the compound leaf? Describe the petiole 
and the basal leaves. How far apart are the 
leaflets on the mid-stalk? Compare the 
stalk on which the tendrils grow with 
this leaf. Are the basal leaflets like those 
of the leaf? Is the petiole like that of the 
leaf? Do you think that the leaflets to- 
ward the tip of the stalk often change to 
tendrils? Why do you think so? How do 
tendrils aid the sweet pea? Do you see 
the earlike stipules at the base of the leaf? 



Are there similar stipules at the base of 
the tendril stem? 

OBSERVATIONS ON THE FLOWER AND 
FRUIT i . Take the sweet pea in blos- 
som. Why is the large upper petal called 
the banner? I low does it compare in size 
with the oilier petals? \\Tiat is its purpose 
when the flower is open? \\Tiy do you 
think the side petals are called wings? 
What is their position when the flower is 
open? 

2. Describe that part of the flower be- 
low the wings. Do you think that it is 
made of two petals grown together? \\Tiy 
is it called the keel of the flower? Press 
down with your finger on the tip of the 
keel. What happens? Is your finger 
splashed with-pollen? Where is the nectar 
in the sweet pea? Would an insect get- 
ting the nectar press down upon the keel 
and receive a splash of pollen? 

3. Open the keel. How many stamens 
do you find within it? How many have 
their filaments joined together? Is there 
one separate from the others? Against 
what are the anthers pressed by the 
keel? 

4. Remove the stamens and describe 
the pistil. Which part of this will make 
the pod in which the new peas will de- 
velop? Describe how the style is curved. 
How is the style covered near its tip? 
What is this brush for? Can you find the 
stigma with the help of the lens? When 
the bee is seeking for nectar and pushes 
down on the keel, does the stigma push 
out at the same point as the pollen? Does 
this enable the stigma sometimes to re- 
ceive pollen which the bees bring from 
other flowers? 

5. Describe an unopened flower bud. 
What is its position? How many lobes to 
the calyx? What is their shape, and how 
do they protect the bud? Which petal 
is folded over all the others? How does 
the position of the open flower differ from 
that of the bud? 

6. How does the young pod look when 
the petals fall? How does it look when 
ripe? How does it open to scatter little, 
ripe sweet peas? Do the lobes of the sepals 
still remain with the pod? 



CULTIVATED CROP PLANTS 



THE CLOVERS 

Sweet by the roadside, sweet by the rills, 
Sweet in the meadows, sweet on the hills, 

Sweet in its wine, sweet in its red, 
Oh, half of its sweetness cannot be said; 
Sweet in its every living breath, 

Sweetest, perhaps, at last, in death. 

" A SONG OF CLOVER," HELEN HUNT JACKSON 

their relative the alfalfa; while of the true 

clovers there are the reel the zigzag, the 
buffalo, the rabbit* s-foot, the white, the 
alsike, the crimson, and two yellow or hop 
clovers. 

In all the clovers, those blossoms which 
are lowest, or on the outside of the hod, 
blossom first, and all of them have upon 
their roots the little swellings, or nodules, 
which are the houses in which the benef- 
icent "bacteria grow. 

If we pull up or dig out the roots of 




Ida Baker 



Clover has for centuries been a most 
valuable forage crop; and for ' eons it has 
been the special partner of the bees, giving 
them honey for their service in carrying 
its pollen; and it has been discovered that 
it has also a mysterious' and undoubtedly 
an ancient partnership with bacteria be- 
low grotind ? which,, moreover, brings fer- 
tility to the soil. The making of a collec- 
tion of the clovers of a region is a sure 
way of enlisting the pupils" interest in 
these valuable plants. The species have 
some similarities and differences, which 
give opportunity for much observation in 
comparing them. There may be found in 
most localities the white and yellow sweet 
clovers, the black and spotted medics, and 




Heads of crimson clever 




PLANTS 



Bulletin 455, IL S. D. A. 



A young clover plant showing nodules or root 
tubercles 

alfalfa, or of the true clovers or vetches, 
we find upon the rootlets little swellings 
which are called nodules, or root tuber- 
cles. Although these tubercles look so un- 
interesting, no fairy stow was ever more 
wonderful than is theirs. They are, in fact, 
the home of the clover brownies, which 
help the plants to do their work. Each 
nodule is a nestful of living beings so 
small that it would take twenty-Eve thou- 
sand of them end to end to reach an inch; 
therefore, even a little swelling can hold 
many of these minute organisms, which 
are called bacteria. For many years people 
thought that these swellings w r ere injuri- 
ous to the roots of the clover, but now 
we know that the bacteria which live in 
them are simply underground partners of 
these plants. The clover roots give the bac- 
teria homes and places to grow, and in 
return these are able to extract a very 
valuable chemical fertilizer from the air ? 



and to change its form so that the clovers 
can absorb it. The name of this substance 
is nitrogen, and it makes up more than 
three-fourths of the air we breathe. Other 
plants are unable to take the nitrogen 
from the air and use it in making food; 
but these little bacteria extract it from 
the air which fills ever}' little space be- 
tween every two grains of soil and then 
change it to a form which the clovers can 
use. After the clover crop is harvested the 
roots remain in the ground, their little 
storehouses filled with this precious sub- 
stance, and the soil falls heir to it. 

Nitrogen in the form of commercial fer- 
tilizer is very expensive when the farmer 
has to buy it. So when he plants clover 
or alfalfa on his land, he is bringing to the 
soil this expensive element of plant 
growth, and it costs him nothing. This is 
why a good farmer practices the rotation 
of crops and puts clover upon his land 
every three or four years. 

Alfalfa is so dependent on its little un- 
derground partners., that it cannot grow 




Stempp and "Walter Co. 

Red clatter 



CULTIVATED PLANTS 



well without them; and so the farmer 
plants, with the alfalfa seed, some of the 
soil from an old alfalfa field, which is rich 
in these bacteria, or better still he inocu- 
lates the clover seed with a culture of the 
bacteria. On a farm I know, the bacterial 
soil gave out before all of the seed was 
planted; and when the crop was ready to 
cut it was easy to see just where the seed 
without the inoculated soil hut! been 
planted, for the plants that grew there 
were small and poor, while the remainder 
of the field showed a luxurious growth. 

It is because of the great quantity of 
nitrogen absorbed from the air through 
the bacteria on its roots that the alfalfa 
is such a valuable fodder; for it contains 
the protein which otherwise would have 
to be furnished to cattle in expensive 
or cottonseed meal. The fanner who gives 
his stock alfalfa does not need to pay such 
large bills for grain. Other plants belong- 





Fmert* 1722, T. S, D. A. 



Single plant of a portion 0} 

the root 



Alfalfa 

ing to the family as the clovers 

like the vetches have 

bacteria on their roots. But 
of has its own of bacteria, 

although in some cases soil inoculated 
with bacteria from of legume 

will grow them on of another 

species. 

In addition to the enriching of the soil, 
clover roots, which penetrate very deeply, 
protect land from washed away by 

freshets and heavy rains; since clover 
makes a thick carpet over the sur- 
face of the soil, it prevents evaporation 
thus the soil moist. Crimson 

clover is used extensively as a cover crop; 
it is sowed in the fall, especially where 
clean culture is practiced in orchards, and 
its leaves above its roots 

within the soil, keeping out weeds and 
protecting the land, ( See 770- 

75. ) In the spring it may be plowed under, 
and thus it will add to the fertility. 

This is an aesthetically pleasing crop, 
for a ield of crimson clover in bloom is 
one of the beautiful sights in our 

rural landscape. 

Red clover has such iorets that, 

of all our bees, only the bumblebees have 
sufficiently long tongues to reach the nec- 
tar. It is, therefore, dependent upon this 
bee for developing its seed, and the en- 
lightened fanner of today looks upon the 




PLANTS 



Yellow or hop clover, buffalo clover, and 
rabbit-foot or pussy clover 

bumblebees as his good friends. The ex- 
port of clover seed from the United States 
has sometimes reached the value of two 
million dollars a year, and this great in- 
dustry can only be carried on with the aid 
of the bumblebee. There are sections of 
New York State where the growing of 
clover seed was once a most profitable 
business, but where now, owing to the 
dearth of bumblebees, no clover seed 
whatever is produced. 

SUGGESTED READING Botany of Crop 
Plants, by Wilfred W. Robbins; Hand- 
book of Farming for Boys and Girls, by 
R. A. Power and Vincent E. Kivlin; Our 
Plant Friends and Foes r by William A. 
DuPuy; Plants Useful to Man, by Wilfred 
W. Robbins and Francis Ramaley; also, 
bulletins, leaflets, and circulars published 
by the United States Department of Ag- 
riculture. 

LESSON 165 
THE CLOVERS 

LEADING THOUGHT The clovers en- 
rich with nitrogen the soil in which they 



are planted. They are very valuable as 
food for stock. Their flowers are pollinated 
by bees. 

METHOD Each pupil should dig up a 
root of red clover or alfalfa to use for the 
lesson on the nodules. The flowers should 
be studied in the field, and also in detail 
in the schoolroom. 

OBSERVATIONS i . How many kinds of 
clover do you know? How many of the 
medics? 

2. In all clovers, which flowers of the 
head blossom first, those on the lower 
or outside, or those on the upper or 
inside? 

3. Take up a root of red clover or alfalfa, 
noting how deep it grows. Wash the root 
free from soil, and find the little swellings 
on it. Write the story of what these swell- 
ings do for the clover, and incidentally 
for the soil. 

4. How must the soil be prepared so 
that alfalfa may grow successfully? What 
does the farmer gain by feeding alfalfa, 
and why? 

5. How do clover roots help to protect 
the land from being washed away by 
heavy rains? 

6. How do clovers keep the soil moist? 
How does this aid the farmer? 

7. What is a cover crop, and what are 
its uses? 

8. Upon what insects does the red 
clover depend for carrying pollen? Can it 
produce seed without the aid of these 
valuable bees? Why not? 



SWEET CLOVER 



In passing along the country roads, es- 
pecially those which have suffered up- 
heaval from the road machines, suddenly 
we are conscious of a perfume so sweet, 
so suggestive of honey and other delicate 
things, that we involuntarily stop to find 
its source. Close at hand we find this per- 
fume laboratory in the blossoms of the 
sweet clover. It may be the species with 
white blossoms, or the one with yellow 
flowers, but the fragrance is the same. 
There stands the plant, lifting high its 



beautiful blue-green foliage and its spikes 
of flowers for the enjoyment of the 
passer-by, while its roots are feeling their 
way down deep in the poor, hard soil, tak- 
ing air and drainage with them and build- 
ing, with the aid of their underground 
partners, nitrogen factories which will en- 
rich the poverty-stricken earth, so that 
other plants may find nourishment in it. 
Never was there such another benefi- 
cent weed as the sweet clover benefi- 
cent alike to man, bee, and soil. Usually 



CULTIVATED CROP PLANTS 



595 



we see it growing on soil so poor that it 
can only attain a height of from two to 
four feet; but if it once gets foothold on a 
generous soil, it rises majestically ten feet 
tall. 

Lite the true clover, its leaf has three 
leaflets, the middle one being longer and 
larger than the other two and separated 
from them by a naked midrib; the Icaiets 
are long, oval in shape, with narrow* 
toothed edges, and they are dull, velvety 
green; the two stipules at the base of the 
leaf are little and pointed. 

The blossoming of the sweet clover is a 
pretty stow. The blossom stalk, which 
comes from the axil of the leaf, is at irst 
an inch or so long, packed closely with 
little green buds having pointed tips. But 
as soon as the blossoming begins, the stalk 
elongates, bringing the flowers farther 
apart just as if the buds had been fas- 
tened to a rubber cord which had been 
stretched. The buds lower down open 
first; each day some of the flowers bloom, 
while those of the day before linger, and 
thus the blossom tide rises, little by little, 
up the stalk. But the growing tip develops 
more and more buds y and thus the bios- 





White sweet clover 



Yellow sweet clover 

som story continues until long after the 
frosts have killed most other plants; finally 
the tip is white with blossoms, while the 
seeds developed from the first flowers on 
the plant have been perfected and scat- 
tered. 

The blossom is very much like a dimin- 
utive sweet pea; the calyx is like a cup 
with five points to its rim, and Is attached 
to the stalk by a short stem. The banner 
petal is larger than the wings and the keel. 
A lens shows the stamens united into two 
groups, with a threadlike pistil pushing 
out between; both stamens and pistil are 
covered by the keel, as in the pea blossom. 

The flowers are visited by bees and 
many other insects, which are attracted to 
them by their fragrance as well as by the 
white radiance of their blossoms. The rip- 
ened pod is well encased in the calyx at 
its base. The foliage of the sweet clover is 
fragrant,, especially so when drying; It is 
to some extent used for fodder. The sweet 
clovers came to us from Europe and are, 
in a measure, compensation for some of 
the other emigrant weeds which we wish 
had remained at home. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
pages 459, 461, 513, and 594. 



596 



PLANTS 



LESSON 166 
SWEET CLOVER 

LEADING THOUGHT This beneficent 
plant grows in soil that is often too poor 
for other plants to thrive in. It brings 
available nitrogen into the soil, and thus 
makes it fertile so that other plants soon 
find in its vicinity nourishment for 
growth. 

METHOD Plants of the sweet clover 
with their roots may be brought to the 
schoolroom for study. The children 
should observe sweet clover in the field; 
its method of inflorescence, and the in- 
sects which visit it 7 should be noted. 

OBSERVATIONS i . What first makes 
you aware that you are near sweet clover? 
On what kinds of soil, and in what locali- 
ties, does sweet clover abound? 

2. Do you know how sweet clover grow- 
ing in poor soils and waste places acts as a 
pioneer for other plants? 

3. Dig up a sweet-clover plant, and see 
how far its stems go into the soil. 

4. How high does the plant grow? 
What is the color of its foliage? 

5. Compare one of the leaves with the 
leaf of a red clover, and describe the like- 
ness and the difference. Note especially 



the edges of the upper and the lower 
leaves, and also the stipules. 

6. Describe the way the sweet clover 
blossoms. Do the lower or upper flowers 
open first? How does the flowerstalk look 
before it begins to blossom? What hap- 
pens to it after the blossoming begins? 
How long will it continue to blossom? 

7. Take a blossom and compare it with 
that of a sweet pea. Can you see the ban- 
ner? The wings? The keel? Can you see if 
the stamens are united into two sets? Can 
you see the pistil? Note the shape of the 
calyx. 

8. How many flowers are in blossom at 
a time? Does it make a mass of white to 
attract insects? In what other way does it 
attract insects? What insects do you find 
visiting it? 

9. How do the ripened pods look? 

The blooming wilds His gardens are; some 

cheering 

Earth's ugliest waste has felt that flow- 
ers bequeath, 

And all the winds o'er summer hills career- 
ing 

Sound softer for the sweetness that they 
breathe. 

THERON BROWN 



THE WHITE CLOVER 



The sweet clover should be studied first, 
for after making this study it is easier to 
understand the blossoming of the white 
and the red clover. In the sweet clovers the 
flowers are strung along the stalk, but in 
the red, the white, and many others, it is 
as if the blossom stalk were telescoped, so 
that the flowers are all in one bunch, the 
tip of the stalk making the center of the 
clover head. We sometimes use the white 
clover in our lawns because of a pecu- 
liarity of its stem which, instead of stand- 
ing erect, lies flat on the ground, sending 
leaves and blossoms upward and thus 
making a thick carpet over the ground. 
The leaves are very pretty; and although 
they grow upon the stems alternately, they 
always manage to twist around so as to 



lift their three leaflets upward to the light. 
The three leaflets are nearly equal in size, 
with fine, even veins and toothed edges; 
and each has upon it, near the middle, a 
pale, angular spot. The white clover, in 
common with other clovers, has the pretty 
habit of going to sleep at night. Botanists 
may object to this human term, but the 
great Linnasus first called it sleep, and we 
may be permitted to follow his example. 
Certainly the way the clover leaves fold 
at the middle, the three drawing neat 
each other, looks like going to sleep, and 
is one of the things which even the little 
child will enjov observing. 

The clover head is made up of many 
little flowers; each one has a tubular calyx 
with five delicate points and a little stalk 



CULTIVATED CROP PLANTS 



to hold it up into the world. In shape, the 
corolla is much like that of the sweet pea, 
and each secretes nectar at its base. The 
outside blossoms open first; and as soon 
as they are open, the honey bees, which 
eagerly visit white clover wherever it is 
growing, begin at once their work of gath- 
ering nectar and carrying pollen; as soon 
as the florets are pollinated they wither 
and droop below the flower-head. 

Where I made One, turn down an empty 
Glass, 

sings old Omar, and I always think of it 
when I see the turned-down" florets of the 
white-clover blossom. In this case, how- 
ever, the glass is not empty, but holds the 
maturing seed. This habit of the white- 
clover flowers saves the bees much time, 
since only those which need pollinating 
are lifted upward to receive their visits. 
The length of time the little clover head 
requires for the maturing of its blossoms 
depends much upon the weather and 
upon the insect visitors. 

White-clover honey is in the opinion 
of many the most delicious honey made 
from any flowers except, perhaps, orange 
blossoms. So valuable is the white clover 
as a honey plant that apiarists often grow 
acres of it for their bees. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
pages 459, 461, 513, and 594. 

LESSON 167 
THE WHITE CLOVER 

LEADING THOUGHT The white clover 
has creeping stems. Its flowers depend 
upon the bees for their pollination, and 
the bees depend upon the white-clover 
blossoms for honey. 

METHOD The plant may be brought 
into the schoolroom while in blossom, and 
its form be studied there. Observations as 
to the fertilization of the flowers should 
be made out-of-doors. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Where does the 
white clover grow? Why is it sometimes 
used in lawns? 

2. Note carefully the clover leaf, the 
shape of the three leaflets, stalks, and 




Stumpp and Walter Co. 

White clover 

edges. Is part of the leaflet lighter colored 
than the rest? If so, describe the shape. 
Are the leaflets unequal or equal in size? 
Does each leaf come directly from the 
root? Are they alternately arranged? Why 
do they seem to come from the upper side 
of the stem? 

3. Note the behavior of the clover 



598 PLANTS 

leaves at night. How do the two side 
leaflets act? The central leaflet? 

4. Take a white-clover head, and note 
that it is made up of many little flowers. 
How many? Study one of the little flow- 
ers with a lens. Can you see its calyx? Its 
petals? Its stalk? In what way is it simi- 
lar to the blossom of the sweet pea? 

5. Take a head of white clover which 
has not yet blossomed. Tie a string about 
its stalk so that you may be sure you are 
observing the same flower and make the 
following observations during several 
days: Which blossoms begin to open first 
those outside or inside? How many 
buds open each day? What happens to 
the blossoms as they fade? How many 
days pass from the time the flowers begin 
to blossom until the last flower at the 
center opens? 

6. What insects do you see working on 
the white-clover blossoms? How does the 
bee act when collecting nectar? Can you 



see where she thrusts her tongue? What 
does the bee do for the clover blossom? 
7. Tie little bags of cheesecloth over 
two or three heads of white clover and see 
if they produce any seed. 

Little flower; but if I could understand 
What you are ? root and all, and all in all, 
J should know what God and man is. 

TENNYSON 

To me the meanest flower that blows can 

give 
Thoughts that do often lie too deep for 

tears. 

WORDSWORTH 

I know a place where the sun is like gold, 
And the cherry blooms burst with snow. 
And down underneath is the loveliest 

nook 
Where the four leaf clovers grow. 

ELLA HIGGINSON 



THE MAIZE OR INDIAN CORN 

Hail/ Ha-wen-ni-yuf Listen with open cars to the words of thy people. Continue to 
listen. We thank our mother earth which sustains us. We thank the winds which 
have banished disease. We thank He-no for rain. We thank the moon and stars 
which give us light when the sun has gone to rest. We thank the sun for warmth and 
light by day. Keep us from evil ways that the sun may never hide his face from us for 
shame and leave us in darkness. We thank thee that thou hast made our corn to grow. 
Thou art our creator and our good ruler, thou canst do no evil. Everything thou doest 
is for our happiness. 



Thus prayed the Iroquois Indians when 
the corn had ripened on the hills and val- 
leys of New York State long before it was 
a state, and even before Columbus had 
turned his ambitious prows westward in 
quest of the Indies. Had he found the 
Indies with their wealth of fabrics and 
spices, he would have found there nothing 
so valuable to the world as has proved 
this golden treasure of ripened corn. 

The origin of Indian corn, or maize, is 
shrouded in mystery. There is a plant 
which grows on the tablelands of Mexico 
which is possibly the original species; but 
so long had maize been cultivated by the 



American Indians that it was thoroughly 
domesticated when America was first dis- 
covered. In those early days of American 
colonization, it is doubtful, says Professor 
John Fiske, if our forefathers could have 
remained here had it not been for Indian 
corn. No plowing, or even clearing, was 
necessary for the successful raising of this 
grain. The trees were girdled, thus killing 
their tops to let in the sunlight, the rich 
earth was scratched a little with a primi- 
tive tool, and the seed put in and covered; 
and the plants that grew therefrom took 
care of themselves. If the pioneers had 
been obliged to depend alone upon the 



CULTIVATED CROP PLANTS 




Seneca Indian women husking corn for braiding 



Arthur C. Parker 



wheat and rye of Europe, which only 
grows under good tillage., they might have 
starved before they gained a foothold on 
our forest-covered shores. 

THE CORN PLANT 

In studying the maize it is well to keep 
in mind that a heavy wind is a serious 
enemy to it; such a wind will lay it low, 
and from such an injury it is difficult for 
the corn to recover and perfect its seed. 
Thus, the mechanism of the corn stalk 
and leaf is adapted for prevention of this 
disaster. The corn stalk is, practically, a 
strong cylinder with a pithy center; the 
fibers of the stalks are very strong, and at 
short intervals the stalk is strengthened 
by hard nodes, or joints; if the whole stalk 
were as hard as the nodes, it would be 
inelastic and would break instead of bend; 
as it is, the stalk is very elastic and will 
bend far over before it breaks. The nodes 
are nearer each other at the bottom, thus 
giving strength to the base; they are far- 



ther apart at the top ? where the wind 
strikes, and where the bending and bow- 
ing of the stalk is necessary. 

The leaf comes off at a node and clasps 
the stalk for a considerable distance, thus 
making it stronger, especially toward the 
base. Just where the leaf starts away from 
the stalk there is a little growth which 
serves as a rain guard; if water should seep 
between the stalk and the clasping leaf, it 
would afford harbor for destructive fungi. 
The structure of the com leaf enables it to 
escape injury from the wind; the strong 
veins are parallel with a strong but flexible 
midrib at the center; often, after the wind 
has whipped the leaves severely, only the 
tips are split and injured. The edges of 
the corn leaf are ruffled, and where the 
leaf leaves the stalk there is a wide fold in 
the edge at either side; this arrangement 
gives play for a sidewise movement with- 
out breaking the leaf margins. The leaf is 
thus protected from the wind, whether it 
is struck from above or horizontally. The 



6oo 



PLANTS 




Farmers' Bulletin 537, TT. g. D. A. 

A good hill of corn. The hills of corn about 
this one have been removed so that it may 
stand out more clearly. Note the tassels and 
the drooping position of the well-filled ears 

true roots of the corn plant go quite deep 
into the soil, but are hardly adequate to 
the holding of such a tall ? slender stalk 
upright in a wind storm; therefore, all 
about the base of the plant are brace-roots, 



which serve to hold the stalk erect like 
the stay-ropes about a flagpole. 

THE EAR OF CORN 
The ears of corn are borne at the joints 
or nodes; and the stalk, where the ear 
presses against it, is hollowed out so as to 
hold it snugly. In the following ways, the 
husks show plainly that they are modified 
leaves: the husk has the same structure as 
the leaf, having parallel veins; it comes 
off the stem like a leaf; it is often green, 
and therefore does the work of a leaf; it 
changes to leaf shape at the tip of the ear, 
thus showing that the husk is really that 
part of the leaf which usually clasps the 
stem. If a husk tipped with a leaf is exam- 
ined, the part serving as a rain guard will 
be found at the place where the two join. 
As a matter of fact, the ear of corn is on a 
branch stalk which has been very much 
shortened, so that the nodes are very close 
together, and therefore the leaves come 
off close together. By stripping the husks 
back one by one, the change from the out- 
side, stiff, green leaf structure to the inner 
delicate, papery wrapping for the seed, 
may be seen in all its stages. This is a 
beautiful lesson in showing how the maize 
protects its seed, and the husk may well 
be compared to the clothing of a baby. 
The pistillate flowers of the corn, which 
finally develop into the kernels, grow in 
pairs along the sides of the end portion of 
the shortened stalk, which is what we call 
the " cob." Therefore, the ear will show 
an even number of rows, and the cob 
shows distinctly that the rows are paired. 
The corn silk is the style and stigma of 
the pistillate flowers; and therefore, in 
order to secure pollen, it must extend 
from the ovule, which later develops into 
a kernel, to the tip of the ear, where it 
protrudes from the end of the husk. A 
computation of the number of kernels in 
a row and on the ear makes a very good 
arithmetic lesson for the primary pupils, 
especially as the kernels occur in pairs. 

THE GROWTH OF THE CORN 

If we cut a kernel of corn crosswise we 
can see, near the point where it joins the 



CULTIVATED CROP PLANTS 



601 



cob, the little plant. Corn should be ger- 
minated between wet blotters in a seed- 
testing experiment before observations are 
made on the growing corn of the fields. 
When the corn first appears, the corn 
leaves are in a pointed roll within a color- 
less sheath which pierces the soil. Soon 
they spread apart, but it may be some 
time before the corn stalk proper appears. 
Then it stretches up rapidly, and very 
soon will be tipped with beautiful pale 
brown tassels. These tassels merit careful 
study, for they are the staminate flowers. 
Each floret has two anthers hanging down 
from it, and each half of each anther is a 
little bag of pollen grains; and in order 
that they shall be shaken down upon the 
waiting corn silk below, the bottom of 
each bag opens wide when the pollen 
is ripe. The corn silk, at this stage, is 
branched at the tip and clothed with fine 
hairs, so that it may catch a grain of the 
precious pollen. Then occurs one of the 
most wonderful pollen stories in all na- 
ture, for the pollen-tube must push down 
through the center of the corn silk for its 
whole length, in order to reach the wait- 
ing ovule and thus make possible the de- 




velopment of a kernel of corn. These 
young, unfertilized kernels are pretty ob- 
jects, looking like seed pearls, each 
wrapped in furry bracts. If the silk from 
one of these young flowers does not re- 
ceive its grain of pollen, then the kernel 




A tassel of corn, showing the pollen-bearing 
flowers 



1, The anthers of corn. 2, The tip o/ the 

corn silk showing the stigma. 3, The pistillate 
flower, which will develop into the kernel 

will not develop and the ear will be im- 
perfect. On the other hand if the pollen 
from another variety of corn falls upon 
the waiting stigmas of the silk, we shall 
find the ear will have upon it a mixture 
of the two varieties. This is best exempli- 
fied when we have the black and white 
varieties of sweet corn growing near each 
other. 

One reason why corn is such a valu- 
able plant to us is that its growth is so 
rapid. It is usually not planted until late 
spring, yet, with some varieties, by Sep- 
tember the stalks may be as much as 
twenty feet in height. The secret of this is 
that the corn, unlike many other plants, 
has many points of growth. While young, 
the part of the stalk just above each node 
is a growing center and the tip of the stalk 
also grows; the first two experiments sug- 
gested below will demonstrate this. In 
most plants, the tip of the stem is the only 
center of growth. When blown down by 
the wind ? the corn has a wonderful way of 
lifting itself, by inserting growing wedges 
in the lower sides of the nodes. A corn 
stalk blown down by the wind will often 
show this wedge shape at every joint, and 
the result will be an upward curve of the 
whole stalk. Of course, this cannot be 
seen unless the stalk is cut lengthwise 
through the center. Experiment 3 is sug- 
gested to demonstrate this. 

During drought the corn leaves check 
the transpiration of water by rolling to- 
gether lengthwise in tubes, thus offering 
less surface to the sun and air. The farmer 
calls this the curling of the corn, and it is 



602 



PLANTS 




Ears of corn with braided husks as the In- 
dians used to carry them 

always a sign of lack of moisture. If a corn 
plant with leaves thus curled be given 
plenty of water, the leaves will soon 
straighten out again into their normal 
shape. 

SUGGESTED READING Corn and Corn 
Growing, by Henry A. Wallace and Earl 
N. Bressman; Nature and Science Read- 
ers, by Edith M. Patch and Harrison E. 
Howe, Book 4, Through Four Seasons; 
The Story Book of Foods from the Field 
(The Story Book of Corn), by Maud F. 
and Miska Petersham; Useful Plants of the 
World, by Willard N, Clute; also, read- 
ings on pages 459 and 594. 

LESSON 168 
THE MAIZE 

LEADING THOUGHT The Indian corn, 
or maize, is a plant of much beauty and 
dignity. It has wonderful adaptations for 
the development of its seed and for resist- 
ing the wind. 



METHOD The study may begin in 
spring when the corn is planted, giving 
the pupils the outline for observations to 
be filled out in their notebooks during the 
summer, when they have opportunities 
for observing the plant; or it may be 
studied in the autumn as a matured plant. 
It may be studied in the schoolroom or in 
the field, or both. 

OBSERVATIONS ON THE CORN PLANT 
i. Describe the central stem. How many 
joints or nodes has it? Of what use to the 
plant are these nodes? Are the joints 
nearer each other at the bottom or the 
top of the plant? 

2. Where do the leaves come off the 
stem? Describe the relation of the bases 
of the leaves to the stem. Of what use is 
this to the plant? 

3. Note the little growth on the leaf 
where it leaves the stalk. Describe how 
this prevents the rain from seeping down 
between the stalk and the clasping leaf. 
What danger would there be to the plant 
if the water could get into this narrow 
space? 

4. What is the shape of the leaf? De- 
scribe the veins. Does the leaf tear easily 
across? Does it tear easily lengthwise? 




Agronomy Dept., State College of Agr., Cornell U. 

A corn shock. In regions where corn is not 
harvested by machinery, and where it is not 
used for silage, it is often shocked to permit it 
to mature 



CULTIVATED CROP PLANTS 



603 



Of what use to the plant is this condi- 
tion? 

5. Are the edges of the corn leaf straight 
or ruffled? How does this ruffled edge per- 
mit the leaf to turn without breaking? 
Describe at length the benefit the corn 
plant derives from having leaves which are 
not easily broken across and which can 
bend readily sidewise as well as up and 
down. 

6. Describe the roots of the corn plant. 
Describe the brace-roots. Explain their 
use. 

7. Describe all the ways in which the 
corn plant is strengthened against the 
wind. 

OBSERVATIONS ON THE EAR OF CORN 
8. Where on the corn plant are the ears 
borne? Are two ears borne on the same 
side of the stalk? Remove an ear, and see 
how it was fitted against the side of the 
stalk. 

9. Where do the ears come off the stalk 
in relation to the leaves? 

10. Examine the outside husks ? and 
compare them with the green leaves. 
What is there to suggest that the com 
husk is a leaf changed to protect the seed? 
Do you think that the husk represents 
that portion of the leaf which clasps the 
stalk? Why? Describe how the inner husk 
differs from the outer in color and texture. 
Describe how this is a special protection 
to the growing kernels. 

11. After carefully removing the husk, 
examine the silk and see if there is a 
thread for every kernel. Is there an equal 
amount of silk lying between every two 
rows? Do you know what part of the corn 
flower is the corn silk? What part is the 
kernel? 

12. How many rows of kernels are there 
on an ear? How many kernels in a row? 
How many on the whole ear? Do any of 
the rows disappear toward the tip of the 
ear? If so, do they disappear in pairs? Do 
you know why? Are the kernels on the 
tip of the ear and near the base as perfect 
as those along the middle? Do you know 
whether they will germinate as quickly and 
vigorously as the middle ones? 

13. Study a cob with no corn on it and 




Extension Chart, U. S. D. A, 

Sugar cane, a near relative of corn, is a crop 
of tropical and subtropical regions. The 
stalks in the foreground have been stripped 
of leaves and are ready for the mill 

note if the rows of kernel-sockets are in 
distinct pairs. This will, perhaps, show 
best if you break the cob across. 

14. Break an ear of corn in two, and 
sketch the broken end showing the rela- 
tion of the cob to the kernels. 

15. Are there any places on the ear you 
are studying where the kernels did not 
grow or are blasted? What may have 
caused this? 

16. Describe the requisite for a perfect 
ear of seed corn. Why should the plant 
from which the seed ear is taken be vigor- 
ous and perfect? 

OBSERVATIONS ON THE GROWTH OF 
CORN WORK FOR THE SUMMER VACA- 
TION 17. How does the com look when 
it first comes up? How many leaves are 
there in the pointed roll which first ap- 
pears above the ground? How long before 
the central stalk appears? 

18. When do the tassels first appear? 
What kind of flowers are the corn tassels? 
Describe the anthers. How many on each 
flower? Where do the anthers open to 
discharge their pollen? 

19. Note that the kernel is the ovary. 
The silk is the style; it is attached to the 
ovary and is long enough to extend out 
beyond the husks; at its tip is the branched 
stigma. 

20. What carries the pollen for the 



604 PLANTS 

corn plant? If you have rows of popcorn 
and sweet corn or of sweet corn and field 
corn next to each other why is it that the 
ears will show a mixture of both kinds? 

EXPERIMENT i 

Compare the growth of the corn plant 
with that of the pigweed. When the corn 
stalk first appears above ground, tie two 
strings upon it one just above a joint and 
one below it. Tie two strings the same dis- 
tance apart on the stem of a pigweed. 
Measure carefully the distance between 
these two strings on the two plants. Two 
weeks later measure the distance between 
the strings again. What is the result? 

EXPERIMENT 2 

Measure the distance between two of 
the nodes or joints near the tip of a certain 



corn stalk. Two weeks later measure this 
distance again and compare the two. 

EXPERIMENT 3 

When a stalk of com is still green in 
August, bend it down and place a stick 
across it at about half its length. Describe 
how it differs in position after two or 
three weeks. Cut lengthwise across one of 
the nodes, beyond the point held down 
by the stick, and see the wedge- 
shaped growth within the joint which 
helps to raise the stalk to an upright posi- 
tion. 

EXPERIMENT 4 

During the August drought, note that 
the corn leaves are rolled. Give a corn 
plant with rolled leaves plenty of water 
and note what happens. Why? 




Cotton pickers at work 



U. S. Department of Agriculture 



THE COTTON PLANT 



There are some plants which have 
made great chapters in the histories of na- 
tions, and cotton is one of them. The fiber 
of cotton was used for making clothing so 
long ago that its discovery is shrouded in 



in this land we find certain laws concern- 
ing cotton which were codified about 800 
B.C.; and allusions to the fine ? white rai- 
ment on the peoples of India are frequent 
in ancient history. Cotton was introduced 



the myths of prehistoric times. But we into Egypt from India at an early date; it 
believe it first came into use in India, for was in common use there about 150 B.C. 



CULTIVATED CROP PLANTS 



But not until our Civil War laid fallow 
the cotton fields of the United States, did 
Egypt realize the value of its crop; and al- 
though much money was lost there in ag- 
ricultural speculation after our own prod- 
uct was again put on the market, still 
cotton has remained since that time one 
of Egypt's most valuable exports. 

When Columbus discovered America 
he found cotton growing in the West 
Indies, and the chief articles of clothing 
of the native Mexicans were made of cot- 
ton. Cloths of cotton were also found in 
ancient tombs of Peru, proving it was used 
there long before the white man set his 
foot upon those shores. When Magellan 
made his famous voyage around the world 
in 1500, he found the cotton fiber in use 
in Brazil. 

It is a strange fact that the only region 
of the world between the parallels of 40 
north and 40 south latitude where cot- 
ton did not grow as a native or cultivated 
plant when America was discovered was 
the region of our Gulf states,, which now 
produces more cotton than any other. 
The first mention of cotton as a crop in 
the American colonies is in the report 
published in 1666. At the time of the 
Revolutionary War the cotton industry 
was thoroughly established. It is one of 
the significant facts of history that the in- 
vention of the cotton gin by Eli Whitney 
in 1793, which revolutionized the cotton 
industry and brought it to a much more 
profitable basis, wrought great evil in the 
United States, since it revived the profits 
of slave-holding. The institution of slav- 
ery was sinking out of sight by its own 
weight; Washington showed that it was 
the most expensive way to work land, and 
Jefferson failed to liberate his own slaves 
simply because he believed that liberty 
would come to all slaves inevitably, since 
slave-holding was such an expense to the 
plantation owners. But the cotton gin ? 
which removed the seeds rapidly a 
process theretofore done slowly and labo- 
riously by hand suddenly made the rais- 
ing of cotton so profitable that slaves were 
again employed in its production with 
great financial benefits. And thus it came 




Cotton in blossom 

about that the cotton plant innocently 
wielded a great influence in the political 
as well as the industrial life of our country . 

The cotton plant has a taproot, with 
branches which go deep into the soil. The 
stem is nearly cylindrical, the branches 
often spreading and sometimes irregular; 
the bark is dark and reddish; the wood is 
white. In Egypt, and probably in other 
arid countries, the stalks are gathered for 
fuel in winter. 

The leaves are alternate, with long pet- 
ioles. The upper leaves are deeply cut, 
some having five, some seven, some three, 
and some even nine lobes; strong veins 
extend from the petiole along the center 
of each lobe; the leaves near the ground 
may not be lobed at all. Where the petiole 
joins the stem, there is a pair of long, 
slender, pointed stipules, but they often 
fall off early. A strange characteristic of 
the cotton leaves is that they bear nectar- 
glands; these may be seen on the under- 
side and along the main ribs of the leaf; 
they appear as little pits in the rib; some 
leaves may have none, while others may 
have from one to five. 

The flower bud is partially hidden be- 
neath the clasping bracts of the involucre. 
These bracts are three or four in number, 
and they have the edges so deeply lobed 



6o6 



PLANTS 




TJ. S. Department of Agriculture 

A single cotton plant loaded with maturing 
bolls 

that they seem branched. By pushing back 
the bracts we can find the calyx, which is 
a shallow cup with five shallow notches in 
its rim. The petals are rolled in the bud 
like a shut umbrella. The open flower has 
five broadly spreading petals; when the 
bud first opens in the morning, the petals 
are whitish or pale yellow with a purplish 
spot at the base, by noon they are pale 
pink, by the next day they are a deep 
purplish red and they fall at the end of the 
second day. There are nectar-glands also 
in the flower at the base of the calyx, and 
the insects are obliged to thrust their 
tongues between the bases of the petals to 
reach the nectar; only long-tongued bees, 
moths, and butterflies are able to attain 
it. 

There are many stamens which have 
their filaments united in a tube extending 
up into the middle of the flower and en- 
larging a little at the tip; below the en- 
larged base of this tube is the ovary which 
later develops into the cotton boll; within 



the stamen-tube extends the long style, 
and from its tip are thrust out three to 
five stigmas like little pennants from the 
top of a chimney; and sometimes they are 
more or less twisted together. The young 
boll is covered and protected by the 
fringed bracts, which cover the bud and 
remain attached to the ripened boll. The 
calyx, looking like a little saucer, also re- 
mains at the base of the boll. The boll 
soon assumes an elongated, oval shape, 
with long, pointed tip; it is green outside 
and covered with little pits, as large as 
pinpoints. There are, extending back 
from the pointed tip, three to five creases 
or sutures, which show where the boll will 
open. If we open a nearly ripened boll ? we 
find that halfway between each two su- 
tures where the "boll will open there is a 
partition extending into the boll dividing 
it into compartments. These are really 
carpels, as in the core of an apple, and 
their leaf origin may be plainly seen in the 
venation. The seeds are fastened by their 
pointed ends along each side of the cen- 
tral edge of the partition, from which they 
break away very easily. The number of 
seeds varies, usually two or three along 
each side; the young seeds are wrapped 
in the young cotton, which is a stringy, 
soft white mass. The cotton fibers are at- 
tached to the covering of the seed around 
the blunt end, and usually the pointed 
end is bare. When the boll opens, the cot- 
ton becomes very fluffy and if not picked 
will blow away. The wild cotton dissemi- 
nates its seeds by sending them off on 
the wings of the wind. Heavy winds at the 
cotton-picking time are a menace to the 
crop and often occasion serious loss. 

The mechanism of the opening of the 
cotton boll is very interesting; along the 
central edge of each partition and extend- 
ing up like beaks into the point of the boll 
is a stiff ridge, about the basal portion of 
which the seeds are attached; as the boll 
becomes dry, this ridged margin becomes 
as stiff as wire and warps outward; at the 
same time, the outside of the boll is shriv- 
eling. This action tears the boll apart 
along the sutures and exposes the seeds 
with their fluffy balloons to the action of 



CULTIVATED CROP PLANTS 



607 



the wind. The ripe, open, empty boll is 
worth looking at; the sections are wide 
apart and each white, delicate, parch- 
ment-like partition or carpel, has its wire 
edge curved back gracefully. The outside 
of the boll is brown and shriveled, but 
inside it is still white and shows that it had 
a soft lining for its seeds. 

The amount of the cotton crop per acre 
varies with the soil and climate; the 
amount that can be picked per day also 
depends upon the cotton as well as upon 
the picker. Children have been known to 
pick one hundred pounds per day, and a 
first-class picker from five hundred to six 
hundred pounds, or even eight hundred; 
one man has made a record of picking 
sixty pounds in an hour. Cotton is one of 
the most important crops grown in Amer- 
ica, and there are listed more than one 
hundred and thirty varieties which have 
originated in our country. 

SUGGESTED READING Nature and Sci- 
ence Readers, by Edith M. Patch and Har- 
rison E. Howe, Book 3, Surprises, Book 5, 
Science at Home; The Story of Cotton, by 
Dorothy Scarborough; also, readings on 
pages 459 and 594. 

LESSON 169 
COTTON 

LEADING THOUGHT Cotton has had a 
great influence upon our country politi- 
cally as well as industrially. Its fiber was 
used by the ancients, and it is today one 
of the most important crops in the regions 
where it is grown. 

METHOD A cotton plant with blos- 
soms and ripe bolls upon it may be 
brought into the schoolroom or studied in 
the field. 

OBSERVATIONS i. How many varieties 
of cotton do you know? Which kind is it 
you are studying? 

2. What sort of root has the cotton 
plant? Does it go deep into the soil? 

3. How high does the plant grow? Are 
the stems tough or brittle? What is the 
color of the bark? Of the wood? Do you 
know of a country where cotton stalks are 
used for fuel? Do the stem and branches 
grow erect or very spreading? 



4. Are the leaves opposite or alternate? 
Are the petioles as long as the leaves? 
Are there any stipules where the petioles 
join the main stem? How many forms of 
leaves can you find on the same stem? 
How do the upper differ from the lower 
leaves? Describe or sketch one of the large 
upper leaves, paying especial attention to 
the veins and the shape of the lobes. 

5. Look at the lower side of a leaf and 
find, if you can, a little pit on the midrib 
near its base. How many of these pits can 
you find on the veins of one leaf? What is 




1, The cotton flower cut in half, showing 
the stamen-tube at the center^ up through 
which extends the style of the pistil. Note the 
bracts and calyx. 2, A young boll, with calyx 
at its base, set in the involucral bracts 

the fluid in these pits? Taste it and see if 
it is sweet. Watch carefully a growing 
plant and describe what insects you find 
feeding on this nectar. Note if the wasps 
and ants feeding on this nectar attack the 
caterpillars of the cotton worm which de- 
stroy the leaf. Where are the nectar- 
glands of plants usually situated? 

6. Study the flower bud; what covers it? 
How many of these bracts cover the 
flower bud? What is their shape and how 
do their edges look? Push back the bracts 
and find and describe the calyx. How are 
the petals folded in the bud? 

7. Take the open flower; how many 
petals are there, and what is their shape? 
At what time of day do the flowers open? 
What color are the petals when the flow- 
ers first open? What is their color later in 
the day? What is their color the next day? 
When do the petals fall? 

8. Describe the stamens; how are they 
joined? How are the anthers situated on 
the stamen-tube? Is the stamen-tube per 
fectly straight or does it bend at the tip? 



6o8 



PLANTS 



9. Peel off carefully the stamen-tube 
and describe what you find within it. How 
many stigmas come out of the tip of the 
tube? Find the ovary below the stamen- 
tube. Which part of the flower grows into 
the cotton boll? 

10. Take a boll nearly ripe; what covers 
it? Push away the bracts; can you find the 
calyx still present? What is the shape of 
the boll? What is its color and texture? 
Can you see the creases where it will 
open? How many are there of them? 

11. Open a nearly ripe boll very care- 
fully. How many partitions are there in it? 
Where are they in relation to the open- 
ings? Gently push back the cotton from 
the seeds without loosening them, and 
describe how the seeds are connected with 
the partitions. Is the seed attached by its 
pointed or by its blunt end? 

12. How many seeds in each chamber 
in the cotton boll? Where on the seed 
does the cotton grow? How does the cot- 



ton blanket wrap about the seed? If the 
cotton is not picked what happens to it? 
Of what use to the wild cotton plant are 
seeds covered with cotton? 

13. What makes the cotton boll open? 
Describe an open and empty boll outside 
and inside. 

14. How much cotton is considered a 
good crop per acre in your vicinity? How 
much cotton can a good picker gather in 
a day? 

15. Write English themes on the fol- 
lowing topics: "The History of the Cot- 
ton Plant from Ancient Times until To- 
day," " How the Cotton Plant Has Af- 
fected American History/' 

Queen-consort of the kingly maize. 
The fair white cotton shares his throne, 

And o'er the Southland's realm she claims 
A just allegiance., all her own, 

MINNIE CURTIS WAIT 




Verne Morton 



THE STRAWBERRY 



Of all the blossoms that clothe our 
open fields, one of the prettiest is that of 
the wild strawberry. And yet so influenced 



is man by his stomach that he seldom 
heeds this flower except as a promise of 
a crop of strawberries. It is comforting to 



CULTIVATED CROP PLANTS 



know that the flowers of the field " do not 
care a rap " whether man notices them or 
not; insect attentions are what they need, 
and they are surely as indifferent to our 
indifference as we are to theirs. 

The field strawberry's five petals are lit- 
tle cups of white held up protectingly 
around anthers and pistils; each petal has 
its base narrowed into a little stalk which 
the botanists call a claw. When the blos- 
som first opens, the anthers are little, flat, 
vividly lemon-yellow discs, each disc con- 
sisting of two clamped together sternly and 
determinedly as if they meant never to 
open and yield their gold dust. At the very 
center of the flower is a little, greenish-yel- 
low cone, which, if we examine with a lens, 
we can see is made up of many pistils set 
together, each lifting up a little circular 
stigma. Whether all the stigmas receive 
pollen or not determines the formation of 
a good strawberry. 

The sepals are slender and pointed and 
seem to be ten in number, every other one 
being smaller and shorter than its neigh- 
bors; the five shorter ones, however, are 
not sepals but are bracts below the calyx. 




Left, a strawberry leaf. Right above, a pistil- 
late flower. Right below, a perfect flower 

The sepals unite at their bases so that the 
strawberry has really a lobed calyx instead 
of separate sepals. The blossom stalk is 
soft, pinkish, and silky; it wilts easily. 
There are several blossoms borne upon 
one stalk and the central one opens first. 

The strawberry leaf is beautiful; each of 
its three leaflets is oval, deeply toothed, 
and has strong regular veins extending 
from the midrib to the tip of each tooth. 
In color it is rich, dark green and turns to 




Strawberry fruit 

wine color in autumn. It has a very pretty 
way of coming out of its hairy bud scales, 
each leaflet folded lengthwise and the 
three pressed together. Its whole appear- 
ance then is infantile in the extreme, it is 
so soft and helpless looking. But it soon 
opens out on its pink, downy stem and 
shows the world how beautiful a leaf can 
be. 

If a comparison of the wild and culti- 
vated strawberries is practicable, it makes 
this lesson more interesting. While the 
wild flowers are usually perfect, many cul- 
tivated varieties have the pollen and pis- 
tils borne in different flowers, and they de- 
pend upon the bees to cany their pollen. 
The blossom stalk of the garden strawberry 
is round, smooth, and quite strong, hold- 
ing its branching panicle of flowers erect, 
and it is usually shorter than the leafstalks 
among which it nestles. The flowers open 
in a series, so that ripe and green fruit, 
flowers, and buds may often be found on 
the same stem. As the strawberry ripens, 
the petals and stamens wither and fall 
away; the green calyx remains as the hull, 
which holds in its cup the pyramid of pis- 
tils which swell and ripen into the juicy 
fruit. To the botanists the strawberry is 
not a berry, that definition being limited 
to fruits having a juicy pulp and contain- 
ing many seeds, like the currant or grape. 
The strawberry is a fleshy fruit bearing its 



6io 



PLANTS 



akenes, the hard parts which we have al- 
ways called seeds, in shallow pits on its 
surface. These alcenes are so small that we 
do not notice them when eating the fruit, 
"but each one is a tiny nut, almond-shaped, 
and containing within its tough little shell 
a starchy meat to sustain the future plant 
which may grow from it. It is by planting 
these alcenes that growers obtain new 
varieties. 

The root of the strawberry is fibrous and 
threadlike. When growers desire plants 
for setting new strawberry beds they are 
careful to take only such as have light col- 
ored and fresh-looking roots. On old plants 
the roots are rather black and woody and 
are not so vigorous. 

The stem of the strawberry is partially 
underground and so short as to be un- 
noticeable. However, the leaves grow 
upon it alternately one above another, so 
that the crown rises as it grows. The base 
of each leaf has a broad, clasping sheath 
which partly encircles the plant and ex- 
tends upward in a pair of earlike stipules. 

The runners begin to grow after the 
fruiting season has closed; they originate 
from the upper part of the crown; they 
are strong, fibrous, and hairy when young. 
Some are short between joints, others 
seem to reach far out as if seeking for the 
best location before striking root; a young 
plant will often have several leaves before 
putting forth roots. Each runner may 
start one or more new strawberry plants. 
After the young plant has considerable 
root growth, the runner ceases to carry- 
sap from the main stem and withers to a 
mere dry fiber. The parent plant con- 
tinues to live and bear fruit, for the straw- 
berry is a perennial, but the later crops are 
of less value. Gardeners usually renew 
their plots each year, but if intending to 
harvest a second year's crop, they cut off 
the runners as they form. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
pages 459 and 594. 

LESSON 170 
THE STRAWBERRY 

LEADING THOUGHT The strawberry 
plant has two methods of perpetuating 



itself, one by the akenes which are grown 
on the outside of the strawberry fruits, and 
one by means of runners which start new 
plants wherever they find place to take 
root. Cultivated plants are grown from 
runners, but new species must be grown 
from seed. 

METHOD It would be well to have a 
strawberry plant, with roots and runners 
attached, for an observation lesson by the 
class. Each pupil should have a leaf, in- 
cluding the clasping stipules and sheath 
at its base. Each one should also have a 
strawberry blossom and bud, and if pos- 
sible a green or ripe fruit. 

OBSERVATIONS i. What kind of root 
has the strawberry? What is its color? 

2. How are the leaves of the strawberry 
plant arranged? Describe the base of the 
leaf and the way it is attached to the stem. 
How many leaflets are there? Sketch a 
strawberry leaf, showing the edges and 
form of the leaflets, and the veins. 

3. From what part of the plant do the 
runners spring? When do the runners be- 
gin to grow? Does the runner strike root 
before forming a new plant or does the lit- 
tle plant grow on the runner and draw sus- 
tenance from the parent plant? 

4. What happens to the runners after 
the new plants have become established? 
Does the parent plant survive or die after 
it sends out many runners? 

5. Describe the strawberry blossoms. 
How many parts are there to the hull or 
calyx? Can you see that five of these are 
set below the other five? 

6. How many petals are there? Does 
the number differ in different flowers? 
Has the wild strawberry as many petals 
as the cultivated ones? 

7. Study with a lens the small green 
button at the center of the flower. This 
is made up of pistils so closely set that 
only their stigmas may be seen. Do you 
find this button of pistils in the same blos- 
som with the stamens? Does the wild blos- 
som have both stamens and pistils in the 
same flower? 

8. Describe the stamens. What insects 
carry pollen for the strawberry plants? 

9. Are the blossoms arranged in clus- 



CULTIVATED CROP PLANTS 



611 



ters? Do the flowers all open at the same 
time? What parts of the blossom fall 
away and what parts remain when the 
fruit begins to form? 

10. Are the fruits all of the same shape 
and color? Is the pulp of the same color 
within as on the surface? Has the fruit an 



outer coat or skin? What are the specks 

on its surface? 

11. How many kinds of wild straw- 
berries do you know? How many kinds of 
cultivated strawberries do you "know? 

12. Describe how you should prepare, 
plant, and care for a strawberry bed. 




f When the frost is on the punkin and the fodder's in the shock " 



Verne Morton 



THE PUMPKIN 



If the pumpkin were as rare as some 
orchids, people would make long pil- 
grimages to look upon so magnificent a 
plant. Although it trails along the ground, 
letting Mother Earth help it support its 
gigantic fruit, yet there is no sign of weak- 
ness in its appearance; the vine stem is 
strong, ridged, and spiny. The spines upon 
it are surely a protection upder some cir- 
cumstances, for I remember distinctly 
that when, as children, barefooted and 
owning the world, we " played Indian " 
and found our ambush in the long rows 
of ripening corn, we skipped over the 



pumpkin vines, knowing well the punish- 
ment they inflicted on the unwary feet. 

From the hollow, strongly angled stem 
arise in majesty the pumpkin leaves, of 
variously lobed patterns, but all formed 
on the same decorative plan. The pump- 
kin leaf is as worthy of the sculptor's chisel 
as is that of the classic acanthus; it is pal- 
mately veined, having from three to five 
lobes, and its broad base is supported for 
a distance on each side of the angled 
petiole by the two basal veins. The leaves 
are deep green above and paler below; 
they are covered on both sides with mi- 



6l2 



PLANTS 



note bristles, and their edges are finely 
toothed. The bristly, angled stalk which 
lifts it aloft is a quite worthy support for 
so beautiful a leaf. And, during our child- 




The closing of a pumpkin flower 

1, Staminate flower beginning to close; note the folded 
edges of the lobes. 2, Pistillate flower nearly closed. 3, 
Staminate flower closed and in its last stage 

hood, it was also highly esteemed as a 
trombone, for it added great richness of 
quality to our orchestral performances, 
balancing the shrillness of the basswood 
whistle and the sharp buzzing of the 
dandelion-stem pipe. 

Growing from a point nearly opposite 
a leaf may be seen the pumpkin's elabo- 
rate tendril. It has a stalk like that of the 
leaf, but instead of the leaf blade it seems 
to have the three to five naked ribs curled 
in long, small coils very even and exact. 
Perhaps, at some period in the past, the 
pumpkin vines lifted themselves by cling- 
ing to trees ? as do the gourd vines of today. 
But the pumpkin was cultivated in fields 
with the maize by the North American 
Indians, long before the Pilgrim Fathers 
came to America and made its fruit into 
pies. Since the pumpkin cannot sustain it- 
self in our northern climate without the 
help of man, it was evidently a native of a 
warmer land. With cultivation it now 



sends its long stems out for many feet, rest- 
ing entirely upon the ground. But, like a 
conservative, elderly maiden lady, it still 
\vears corkscrew curls in memory of a fash- 
ion long since obsolete. Occasionally, we 
see the pumpkin vines at the edge of the 
field pushing out and clambering over 
stone piles, and often attempting to climb 
the rail fences, as if there still remained 
within them the old instinct to climb. 

But though its foliage is beautiful, the 
glory of the pumpkin is its vivid yellow 
blossom and, later, its orange fruit. When 
the blossom first starts on its career as a 
bud, it is enfolded in a bristly, ribbed calyx 
with five stiff, narrow lobes, which close 
up protectingly about the green, cone- 
shaped bud, a rib of the cone appearing 
between each two lobes of the calyx. If 
we watch one of these buds day after day, 
we find that the green cone changes to a 
yellow color and a softer texture as the 
bud unfolds, and then we discover that it 
is the corolla itself; however, these ribs 
which extend out to the tip of the 
corolla lobes remain greenish below, per- 
manently. The expanding of the flower 
bud is a pretty process; each lobe, sup- 
ported by a strong midrib, spreads out 
into one of the points of a five-pointed 
star; each point is very sharp and angular 
because, folded in along these edges in 
one of the prettiest of Nature's hems is. 
the ruffled margin of the flower. Not until 
the sun has shone upon the star for some 
little time of a summer morning do these 




Verne Morton 



The Staminate blossom of the pumpkin, 
showing the anther knob at the left. A bud of 
the staminate flower at the center and a 
closed blossom at the right 



CULTIVATED CROP PLANTS 



613 



tumed-in margins open out; and, late in 
the afternoon or during a storm, they fold 
down again neatly before the lobes close 
up; if a bee is not lively in escaping she 
may 7 willy-nilly, get a night's lodging, for 
these folded edges literally hem her in. 

The story of the treasure at the heart 
of this starry, bell-shaped flower is a 
double one, and we had best begin it by 
selecting a flower that has below it a little 
green globe -the ovary which will 
later develop into a pumpkin. At the heart 
of such a flower there stand three stigmas, 
that look like lilliputian boxing gloves; 
each is set on a stout, postlike style, which 
has its base in a great nectar-cup, the 
edges of which are slightly incurved over 
its welling sweetness. In order to reach 
this nectar, the bee must stand on her 
head and brush her pollen-dusted side 
against the stigmas. Professor Duggar has 
noted that in dry weather the margins of 
this nectar-cup contract noticeably, and 
that in wet weather the stigmas close 
down as if the boxing gloves were on 
closed fists. 

The other half of the pumpkin-blossom 
story is to be found in the flowers which 
have no green globes below them, for 
these produce the pollen. Such a flower 
has at its center a graceful pedestal with a 
broad base and a slender stem, which up- 
holds a curiously folded, elongate knob, 
that looks like some ancient or primitive 
jewel wrought in gold. The corrugations 
on its surface are the anther cells, which 
are curiously joined and curved around a 
central oblong support; by cutting one 
across, we can see plainly the central core, 
bordered by cells filled with pollen. But 
where is the nectar-well in the smooth cup 
of this flower? Some have maintained that 
the bees visit this flower for the sake of 
the pollen, but I am convinced that this 
is not all of the story. In the base of the 
pedestal which supports the anther knob 
there appear, after a time, three incon- 
spicuous openings; and if we watch a bee, 
we shall see that she knows these openings 
are there and eagerly thrusts her tongue 
down through them. If we remove the 
anthers and the pedestal, we shall find 



nectar below the latter; the nectar-cup 
is carpeted with the softest of buff velvet, 
and while it does not reek with nectar, as 
does the cup which encompasses the 




1, Base of pistillate blossom; 0, ovary 
which develops into the pumpkin; N, nectar 
cup; St, stigmas. 2, Base of a staminate blos- 
som; N, opening into the nectar cup; An, 
anthers joined, forming a knob, 3, Pumpkin 
tendril 

styles of the pistil, yet it secretes enough 
of the sweet fluid so that we can taste it 
distinctly. Thus, although the bees find 
pollen in this flower they also find nectar 
there. The pumpkin is absolutely depend- 
ent upon the work of bees and other in- 
sects for carrying its pollen from the blos- 
som that bears it to the one which lacks 
it, as this is the only way that the fruit 
may be developed. 

And after the pollen has been shed and 
delivered, the flower closes, to open no 
more. The fading corolla looks as if its 
lobes had been twisted about by the 
thumb and finger to secure tightness; and 
woe betide the bee caught in one of these 
prisons, unless she knows how to cut 
through its walls or can find within sus- 
tenance to last until the withered flower 
falls. The young pumpkin is at first held 
up by its stiff stem but later rests upon the 
ground. 

The ripe pumpkin is not only a colossal 
but also a beautiful fruit. The glossy rind 
is brilliant orange and makes a very effi- 
cient protection for the treasures within 
it. The stem is strong, five-angled, and 
stubborn, and will not let go its hold until 
the fruit is over-ripe. It then leaves a star- 
shaped scar to match the one at the other 



614 



PLANTS 



end of the fruit, where once the blossom 
sat enthroned. The pumpkin in shape is 
like a little world flattened at the poles, 
and with the lines of longitude creased 




A squash plant breaking out of the seed 
coats at the left. The operation further pro- 
gressed is shown at the right 

into its surface. But the number of these 
longitudinal creases varies with individual 
pumpkins, and seems to have no relation 
to the angles of the stem or the three 
chambers within. 

If we cut a small green pumpkin across, 
we find the entire inside solid. There are 
three fibrous partitions extending from 
the center, dividing the pulp into thirds; 
at its outer end each partition divides, and 
the two ends curve in opposite directions. 
Within these curves the seeds are borne. 
A similar arrangement is seen in the sliced 
cucumber. As the pumpkin ripens, the 
partitions surrounding the seeds become 
stringy and very different from the 
" meat " next to the rind, which makes a 
thick, solid outer wall about the central 
chamber, where are contained six rows of 
crowded seeds, attached by their pointed 
tips and supported by a network of yellow, 
coarse fibers like babies supported in 
hammocks. All this network, making a 
loose and fibrous core, allows the seeds to 
fall out in a mass when the pumpkin is 
broken. If we observe where the cattle 
have been eating pumpkins we find these 



masses of seeds left and trampled into the 
mud, where, if our winter climate per- 
mitted, they could grow into plants next 
year. 

The pumpkin seed is attached by its 
pointed end; it is flat, oblong, and has a 
rounded ridge at its edge, within which is 
a delicate " beading." The outside is very 
mucilaginous; but when it is wiped dry, 
we can see that it has an outer, very thin, 
transparent coat; a thicker white, middle 
coat; while the meat of the seed is covered 
with a greenish, membranous coat. The 
meat falls apart lengthwise and flatwise, 
the two halves forming later the seed 
leaves and containing the food laid up by 
the " pumpkin mother " for the nourish- 
ment of the young plant. Between these 
two halves, at the pointed end, is the em- 
bryo, which will develop into a new plant. 

When sprouting, the root pushes out 
through the pointed end of the seed and 
grows downward. The shell of the seed is 
forced open by a little wedge-shaped pro- 
jection, while the seed leaves are pulled 
from their snug quarters. If the seed 
leaves are not released, the seed shell 
clamps them together like a vise, and the 
little plant is crippled. 

Both squashes and pumpkins figure in 
the spicy Thanksgiving pies, but the chief 
value of the pumpkin crop in America is 
as food for milch cows; it causes a yield of 
milk so rich that the butter made from 
it is as golden as its flesh. But the Hal- 




Section of a pumpkin just after the blossom 
has fallen. Note how the seeds are borne 



CULTIVATED CROP PLANTS 



lowe'en jack-o'-lantern appeals to the chil- 
dren. In this connection, a study of ex- 
pression might be made interesting; the 
turning of the corners of the mouth up or 
down 7 and the angles of the eyebrows ? 
making all the difference between a jolly 
grin and an " awful face." 

SUGGESTED READING Nature and Sci- 
ence Readers, by Edith M. Patch and Har- 
rison E. Howe, Book 3, Surprises; also, 
readings on pages 459 and 594. 

LESSON 171 
THE PUMPKIN 

LEADING THOUGHT The pumpkin and 
squash were cultivated by the American 
Indians in their cornfields long before Co- 
lumbus discovered the new world. Insects 
carry the pollen for the flowers of these 
plants ? which must be cross-pollinated in 
order to develop their fruit. 

METHOD This work may be done in 
the garden or field in September or early 
October; or a vine bearing both kinds 
of flowers, leaves, and tendrils may be 
brought to the schoolroom for observa- 
tion. The lesson on the pumpkin fruit 
may be given later. A small green pump- 
kin should be studied with the ripe one, 
and also with the blossoms, so as to show 
the position of the seeds during develop- 
ment. This lesson can be modified to fit 
the cucumber, the melon, the squash, and 
the gourd. 

THE PUMPKIN VINE AND FLOWERS 
OBSERVATIONS i. How many differ- 
ent forms of flowers do you find on a 
pumpkin vine? What are the chief dif- 
ferences in their shape? 

2. Look first at the flowers with the 
long slender stalks. What is the shape and 
color of the blossom? How many lobes 
has it? Is each lobe distinctly ribbed or 
veined? Is the flower smooth on the inner 
and the outer surface? Are the edges of 
the lobes scalloped or ruffled? 

3. What do you see at the bottom of 
the golden vase of this flower? This yellow 
club, or knob, is formed by the joining 
of three anthers, one of which is smaller 




Verne Morton 

Pistillate flowers of the squash in various 
stages 

than the others. Do all the pumpkin flow- 
ers have this knob at the center? Look at 
the base of the standard which bears the 
anther-knob, and note if there are some 
openings; how many? Cut off the anther 
pedestal, and describe what is hidden be- 
neath it. Note if the bees find the open- 
ings to the nectar-well and probe there 
for the nectar. Do they become dusted 
with pollen while seeking the nectar? 

4. What color is the pollen which is 
clinging to the anther? Is it soft and light, 
or moist and sticky? Do you think that 
the wind would be able to lift it from its 
deep cup and carry it to the cup of an- 
other flower? 

5. Describe the calyx behind this pol- 
len-bearing flower. How many lobes has 
it? Are the lobes slender and pointed? 

6. Find one of the flowers which has 
below it a little green globe, which will 
later develop into a pumpkin. How does 
this flower differ from the one that bears 
the pollen? 

7. Describe or sketch the pistil which is 
at the bottom of this flower vase. Into how 
many lobes does it divide? Do these three 
stigmas face outward or toward each 
other? Are the styles which uphold the 
stigmas short or long? Describe the cup 



6i6 



PLANTS 




Verne Morton 

A. pumpkin vine showing tendrils, a flower, 
and an immature pumpkin 

in which they stand. Break away a bit of 
this little yellow cup and taste it. Why do 
you think the pumpkin flowers need such 
a large and well-filled nectary? Could in- 
sects get the nectar from the cup without 
rubbing against the stigmas the pollen 
with which they became so thoroughly 
dusted when they visited the staminate 
flowers? 

8. Cut through the center of one of the 
small green pumpkins. Can you see into 
how r many sections it is divided? Does the 
number of seed-clusters correspond with 
the number of stigmas in the flower? 
Make a sketch of a cross section, showing 
where the seeds are placed. 

9. What insects do you find visiting the 
pumpkin flowers? 

i o. Carefully unfold a flower bud which 
is nearly ready to open, and note how it is 
folded. Then notice late in the afternoon 
how the flower closes. What part is folded 
over first? What next? How does it look 
when closed? 

11. Describe the stems of the pumpkin 
vine; how are they protected? Sketch or 
describe a pumpkin leaf. 

12. Describe one of the tendrils of the 
pumpkin vine. Do you think that these 
tendrils could help the vine in climbing? 
Have you ever found a pumpkin vine 
climbing up any object? 

THE PUMPKIN FRUIT 
OBSERVATIONS i . Do you think the 
pumpkin is a beautiful fruit? Why? De- 
scribe its shape and the way it is creased. 



Describe the rind, its color and its texture. 
Describe the stalk; does it cling to the 
pumpkin? How many ridges in the stalk 
where it joins the vine? How many where 
it joins the pumpkin? Which part of the 
stalk is larger? Does this give it a firmer 
hold? 

2. Cut in halves crosswise a small green 
pumpkin and a ripe one. Which is more 
solid? Can you see how the seeds are borne 
in the green pumpkin? How do they look 
in the ripe pumpkin? What is next to the 
rind in the ripe fruit? What part of the 
pumpkin do we use for pies? 

3. Can you see in the ripe pumpkin 
where the seeds are borne? How are they 
suspended? How many rows of seeds 
lengthwise of the pumpkin? What is left 
of a pumpkin after the cattle have eaten 
it? Might the seeds thus left plant them- 
selves? 

4. Is the pumpkin seed attached at the 
round end or at the pointed end? Describe 
the pumpkin seed, its shape, and its edges. 
How does it feel when first taken from the 
pumpkin? How many coats has the seed? 

5. Describe the meat of the seed. Does 
it divide naturally into two parts? Can you 
see the little embryo plant? Have you ever 
tried roasting and salting pumpkin and 
squash seeds, to prepare them for food as 
almonds and peanuts are prepared? 

6. Plant a pumpkin seed in damp sand 
and give it warmth and light. From which 
end does it sprout? What comes first, the 




Bodger Seeds, Ltd. 

Gourds of many varieties are grown for 
ornamental purposes. Pumpkins, squashes, 
and cucumbers are all members of the gourd 
family 



CULTIVATED CROP PLANTS 



617 



root or the shoot? What part of the seed 
forms the seed leaves? 

7, Describe how the pumpkin sprout 
pries open the shell to its seed in order to 
get its seed leaves out. What happens if it 
does not pull them out? Which part of 
the seedling pumpkin appears above 
ground first? 

8. How do the true leaves differ in 
shape from the seed leaves? In what ways 
are the seed leaves useful to the plant? 

Ah! on Thanksgiving day, when from East 
and from West, 

From North and from South come the pil- 
grim and guest, 

When the gray-haired New-Englander 
sees round his board 

The old broken lines of affection restored, 

When the care-wearied man seeks his 
mother once more, 

And the worn matron smiles where the 
girl smiled before, 



What moistens the lip and brightens the 

eye? 
What calls back the past, like the rich 

Pumpkin pie? 

Oh, fruit loved of boyhood! the old days 

recalling, 
When wood-grapes were purpling and 

brown nuts were falling. 
When wild, ugly faces we carved in its 

skin, 

Glaring out through the dark with a can- 
dle within/ 
When we laughed round the corn-heap, 

with hearts all in tune, 
Our chair a broad pumpkin our lantern 

the rnoon, 
Telling tales of the fairy who travelled like 

steam, 
In a pumpkin-shell coach, with two rats 

for her team! 

J. G. WHITTLER 



TREES 




W. C. Muenscher 

Douglas firs, San Juan Island, Washington. These trees show the effects of strong prevailing 

winds from one direction 

I wonder if they lilce it being trees? 

I suppose they do. 

It must feel so good to have the ground so flat, 

And feel yourself stand straight up like that. 

So stiff in the middle, and then branch at ease, 

Big boughs that arch, small ones that bend and blow, 

And all those fringy leaves that flutter so. 

You'd think they'd break off at the lower end 

When the wind fills them, and their great heads bend. 

But when you think of all the roots they drop, 

As much at bottom as there is on top, 

A double tree, widespread in earth and air, 

Like a reflection in the water there. 

" TREE FEELINGS," CHARLOTTE PERKINS STETSON 



Natural is our love for trees! A tree is a 
living being, with a life comparable to our 
own. In one way it differs from us greatly: 
it is stationary, and it has roots and trunk 
instead of legs and body; it is obliged to 
wait to have what it needs come to it, in- 
stead of being able to search the wide 
world over to satisfy its wants. 

THE PARTS OF THE TREE 

The head, or crown, is composed of the 
branches as a whole, which in turn are 



composed of the larger and smaller 
branches and twigs. The spray is the term 
given to the outer twigs, the finest divi- 
sions of the trunk, which bear the leaves 
and fruit. The branches are divisions of 
the bole or trunk, which is the body or 
stem of the tree. The bole, at the base, 
divides into roots, and the roots into root- 
lets, which are covered with root hairs. 
It is important to understand what each 
of the parts of a tree's anatomy does to 
help carry on the life of the tree. 



TREES 



The roots, which extend out in every 
direction beneath the surface of the 
ground, have two quite different offices to 
perform: first, they absorb the water and 
minerals from the soil; second, they hold 
the tree in place against the onslaught of 
the winds. If we could see a tree standing 
on its head with its roots spread in the air 
in the same manner as they are in the 
ground, we could then better understand 
that there is as much of the tree hidden 
below ground as there is in sight above 
ground; although the part beneath the 
ground is of quite different shape, being 
flatter and in a more dense mass. The 
roots seem to know in which direction 
to grow to reach water; thus, the larger 
number of the roots of a tree are often 
found to extend out toward a stream 
flowing perhaps some distance from the 
tree; \vhen they find plenty of food and 
water the rootlets interlace forming a solid 
mat. On the Cornell University campus 
are certain elms whose roots, ever}' six or 
seven years, fill and clog the nearby sewers; 
these trees send most of their roots in the 
direction of the sewer pipe. The fine root- 
lets upon the tree roots are covered with 
root hairs, which really form the mouths 





A tree with parts named 



Avenue of trees 

by which liquids are taken into the 
tree. 

To understand how firm a base the 
roots form to hold up the tall trunk, we 
need to see an uprooted tree. The great 
roots seem to be molded to take firm 
grasp upon the soil. It is interesting to 
study some of the " stump fences " which 
were made by our forefathers, who up- 
rooted the white pines when the land 
was cleared of the primeval forest, and 
made fences of their widespreading but 
rather shallow extending roots. Many of 
these fences stand today with branching, 
out-reaching roots, white and weather- 
worn, but still staunch and massive as if 
in memory of their strong grasp upon the 
soil of the wilderness. 

The trunk, or bole, or stem of the tree 
has also two chief offices: it holds the 
branches aloft, rising to a sufficient height 
in the forest so that its head shall push 



6zo 



PLANTS 




U. S. Forest Service 



Loblolly pine. Annual rings near the center 
are narrow, but they become much wider. 
This increased rate of growth was due to 
thinning of the stand 



through the leaf canopy and expose the 
leaves to the sunlight. It also is a channel 
by which the sap surges from root to leaf 
and back again through each growing part. 
The branches are divisions of the trunk, 
and have the same work to do. 

In cross section, the tree trunk shows 
on the outside the layer of protective 
bark; next to this comes the cambium 
layer, which is the vital part of the trunk; 
it builds on its outside a layer of bark, and 
on its inside a layer of wood around the 
trunk. Just within the cambium layer is a 
lighter colored portion of the trunk, which 
is called the sap wood because it is filled 
with sap, which moves up and down its 
cells in a mysterious manner; the sapwood 
consists of the more recent annual rings 
of growth. Within the sapwood are con- 
centric rings to the very center or pith; 
this portion is usually darker in color and 
is called the heartwood; it no longer has 
anything to do with the life of the tree, 
but simply gives to it strength and 
staunchness. The larger branches, if cut 
across, show a structure similar to that of 
the trunk the bark on the outside, the 
cambium layer next, and within this the 
rings of annual growth. Even the smaller 
branches and twigs show similar structure, 



but they are young and have not attained 
many annual rings. 

The leaves are borne usually on the out- 
ermost parts of the tree. A leaf would be 
of little use, unless it could be reached by 
the sunlight. Therefore the trunk lifts the 
branches aloft, and the branches hold the 
twigs far out, and the twigs divide into 
the fine spray, so as to spread the leaves 
and hold them out into the sunshine. In 
structure, the leaf is made up of the peti- 
ole and the blade, or widened portion of 
the leaf, which is sustained usually with a 
framework of many ribs or veins. The 
petioles and the veins are sap channels like 
the branches and twigs. 

WOOD-GRAIN 

This is the way that the sap-river ran 
From the root to the top of the tree 

Silent and dark, 

Under the baric, 
Working a wonderful plan 
That the leaves never know, 
And the branches that grow 
On the blink of the tide never see. 

JOHN B. TABB 

THE WAY A TREE GROWS 

The places of growth on a tree may be 
found at the tips of the twigs and the tips 
of the rootlets; each year through this 
growth the tree pushes up higher, down 
deeper, and out farther at the sides. But in 
addition to all of these growing tips, there 
is a layer of growth over the entire tree 
over every root, over the trunk, over the 
limbs, and over each least twig, just as if a 
thick coat of paint had been put over the 
complete tree. It is a coat of growth in- 
stead, and these coats of growth make the 
concentric rings which we see when the 
trunks or branches are cut across. Such 
growth as this cannot be made without 
food; but the tree can take only water and 
minerals from the soil; the root hairs take 
up the water in which the " fertilizer " is 
dissolved, and it is carried up through the 
larger roots, up through the sapwood of 
the trunk, out through the branches to 
the leaves, where in the leaf-factories the 



TREES 



621 



water and free oxygen are given off to the 
air, and the nourishing elements retained 
and mixed with certain chemical ele- 
ments of the air, thus becoming tree food. 
The leaf is a factory; the green pulp in the 
leaf cells is part of the machinery; the 
machinery is set in motion by sunshine 
power; the raw materials are taken from 
the air and from the sap containing min- 
erals from the soil; the finished product is 
largely starch. Thus, it is well, \vhen we 
begin the study of the tree, to notice that 
the leaves are so arranged as to gain all the 
sunlight possible, for without sunlight 
the starch factories would be obliged to 
" shut down." It has been estimated that 
on a mature maple of vigorous growth 
there is exposed to the sun nearly a half 
acre of leaf surface. Our tree appears to us 
in a new phase w r hen w ? e think of it as a 
starch factory covering half an acre. 

Starch is plant food in a convenient 
form for storage, and it is stored in sap- 
w r ood of the limbs, the branches, and 
trunk, to be used for the growth of the 
next year's leaves. But starch cannot be as- 
similated by plants in this form; it must 
be changed to sugar before it may be used 
to build up the plant tissues. So the leaves 
are obliged to perform the office of stom- 
ach and digest the food they have made 
for the tree's use. In the mysterious labo- 
ratory of the leaf cells, the starch is 
changed to sugar; and nitrogen, sulphur, 
phosphorus, and other substances are 
taken from the sap and starch added to 
them, and thus are made the proteids 
which form another part of the tree's diet. 
It is interesting to note that while the 
starch factories can operate only in the 
sunlight, the leaves can digest the food 
and it can be transported and used in the 
growing tissues in the darlc. The leaves 
are also an aid to the tree in breathing, but 
they are not especially the lungs of the 
tree. The tree breathes in certain respects 
as we do; it takes in oxygen and gives off 
carbon dioxide; but the air containing the 
oxygen is taken in through the numerous 
pores in the leaves called stomata, and also 
through lenticels in the bark; so the tree 
really breathes all over its active surface. 




A big tulip poplar, in Jackson County, North 
Carolina 

The tree is a rapid worker and achieves 
most of its growth and does most of its 
work by midsummer. The autumn leaf 
which is so beautiful has completed its 
work .The green starch-machinery or chlo- 
rophyl, the living protoplasm in the leaf 
cells, has been withdrawn and is safely se- 
cluded in the woody part of the tree. The 



622 



PLANTS 




Verne Morton 



Trees in winter 



autumn leaf which glows gold or red, has 
in it only the material which the tree can 
no longer use. It is a mistake to believe 
that the frost causes the brilliant colors of 
autumn foliage; they are caused by the 



natural old age and death of the leaves 
and where is there to be found old age 
and death more beautiful? When the leaf 
assumes its bright colors, it is making 
ready to depart from the tree; a thin, corky 
layer is being developed between its 
petiole and the twig, and when this 
is perfected, the leaf drops from its 
own weight or the touch of the slightest 
breeze. 

A tree, growing in open ground, records 
in its shape the direction of the prevailing 
winds. It grows more luxuriantly on the 
leeward side. It touches the heart of the 
one who loves trees to note their sturdy 
endurance of the onslaughts of this, their 
most ancient enemy. 

SUGGESTED READING Field Eoolc of 
American Trees and Shrubs, by F. Schuy- 
ler Mathews; The Forest: A Handbook for 
Teachers, by Mrs. Priscilla D. Edgerton; 
Forest Facts for Schools, by Charles L. 
Pack and Tom Gill; A Guide to the Trees, 
by Alice Lounsberry; How a Tree Grows, 
by William Somerville; Our Native Trees 
and How to Identify Them, by Harriet L. 
Keeler; Our Northern Shrubs and How to 
Identify Them, by Harriet L. Keeler; Our 
Trees, How to Know Them, by A. I. 
Emerson and C. M. Weed; The Tree 
BooJc, by Julia Ellen Rogers; Trees, by 
Julia Ellen Rogers; Trees; A Simple 
Guide for Quick Identification of Forest 
Trees, by O. L. Sponsler; Trees in Winter, 
by A. F. Blakeslee and C. D. Jarvis; Trees 
of Northeastern United States, by H. P. 
Brown; additional references are to be 
found in the bibliography in the back of 
this Handbook, under Plant Life, Nature- 
Study in General, Textbooks and Readers; 
also, readings on page 459. 



HOW TO BEGIN TREE STUDY 



During autumn the attention of the 
children should be attracted to the leaves 
by their gorgeous colors. It is well to use 
this interest to cultivate their knowledge 
of the forms of leaves of trees; but the 
teaching of the tree species to the young 
child should be done quite incidentally 



and guardedly. If the teacher says to the 
child bringing a leaf, " This is a white-oak 
leaf," the child will soon quite uncon- 
sciously learn that leaf by name. Thus, 
tree study may be begun in the kindergar- 
ten or the primary grades, 
i. Let the pupils use their leaves as a 



TREES 




U. S. Forest Service 

Mt. Baker from Table Mountain, Washington. Trees growing near timberline are stunted 



color lesson by classifying them according 
to color, and thus train the eye to dis- 
criminate tints and color values. 

2. Let them classify the leaves accord- 
ing to form 7 selecting those which resem- 
ble each other. 

3. Let each child select a leaf of his own 
choosing and draw it. This may be done 
by placing the leaf flat on paper and out- 
lining it with pencil or with colored 
crayon. 

4. Let the pupils select paper of a color 
similar to the chosen leaf and cut a paper 
leaf like it. 

5. Let each pupil select four leaves 
which are similar and arrange them on a 
card in a symmetrical design. This may 
be done while the leaves are fresh, and the 
card with leaves may be pressed and thus 
preserved. 

In the fourth grade, begin with the 
study of a tree which grows near the 
schoolhouse. In selecting this tree and in 
speaking of it, impress upon the children 
that it is a living l&gt;eing, with a life and 
with needs of its own. I believe so much 
in making this tree seem an individual, 
that I would if necessary name it Poca- 



hontas or Martha Washington. First, try 
to ascertain the age of the tree. Tell an 
interesting story of who planted it and 
who were children and attended school 
in the school building when the tree was 
planted. To begin the pupils 7 work ? let 
each have a little notebook in which shall 
be written, sketched, or described all that 
happens to this particular tree for a year. 
The following words with their meanings 
should be given in the reading and spell- 
ing lessons: Head, bole, trunk, branches, 
twigs, spray, roots, bark, leaf, petiole, foli- 
age, sap. 

LESSON 172 
TREE STUDY 

AUTUMN WORK i. What is the color 
of the tree in its autumn foliage? Sketch 
it in water colors or crayons, showing the 
shape of the head, the relative proportions 
of head and trunk. 

2. Describe what you can see of the 
tree's roots. How far do you suppose 
the roots reach down? How far out at the 
sides? In how many ways are the roots 
useful to the tree? Do you suppose, if the 
tree were turned bottomside up, that it 



624 



PLANTS 




___ J 



Mountain maple } sugar maple, and red maple 

would show as many roots as it now shows 
branches? 

3. How high on the trunk from the 
ground do the lower branches come off? 
How large around is the trunk three feet 
from the ground? If you know how large 
around it is, how can you get the distance 
through? What is the color of the bark? 
Is the bark smooth or rough? Are the 
ridges fine or coarse? Are the furrows be- 
tween the ridges deep or shallow? Of what 
use is the bark to the tree? 

4. Describe the leaf from your tree, 
paying special attention to its shape, its 
edges, its color above and below, its veins 
or ribs, and the relative length and thick- 
ness of its petiole. Are the leaves set op- 
posite or alternate upon the twigs? As the 
leaves begin to fall, can you find two 
which are exactly the same in size and 
shape? Draw in your notebook the two 
leaves which differ most from each other 
of any that grew 1 on your tree. At what 
date do the leaves begin to fall from your 
tree? At what date are they all off the tree? 

5. Do you find any fruit or seed upon 
your tree? If so describe and sketch it, and 
tell how you think it is scattered and 
planted. 

WINTER WORK i . Make a sketch of 
the tree in your notebook, showing its 
shape as it stands bare. Does the trunk 
divide into branches, or does it extend 
through the center of the tree and the 
branches come off from its sides? Of what 
use are the branches to a tree? Is the spray 



the twigs at the end of the branches 
coarse or fine? Does it lift up or droop? Is 
the bark on the branches like that on the 
trunk? Is the color of the spray the same 
as that of the large branches? 

2. Study the cut end of a log or stump 
and also study a slab. Which is the heart- 
wood and which is the sapwood? Can you 
see the rings of growth? Can you count 
these rings and tell the age of the tree 
from which this log came? Describe, if 
you can, how a tree trunk grows larger 
each year. What is it that makes the grain 
in the wood which we use for furniture? If 
we girdle a tree why may it die? If we 
place a nail in a tree three feet from the 
ground this winter, will it be any higher 
from the ground ten years from now? How 
does the tree grow tall? 

3. Take a twig of a tree in February and 
look carefully at the buds. What is their 
color? Are they shiny, rough, sticky, or 
downy? Are they arranged on the twigs 
opposite or alternate? Can you see the 
scar below the buds where the last year's 
leaf was borne? Place the twig in water 
and put it in a light, warm place, and see 
what happens to the buds. As the leaves 
push out, what happens to the scales 
which protected the buds? 

4. What birds do you find visiting your 
tree during winter? Tie some strips of 




Trunks of young birches, black on leftj yellow 
on right 



TREES 



beef fat upon its branches, and note all 
of the kinds of birds which come to feast 
upon it. 

SPRING WORK i . At what date do the 
young leaves appear upon your tree? 
What color are they? Look carefully to 
see how each leaf was folded in the bud. 
Were all the leaves folded in the same 
way? Are the young leaves thin, downy, 
and tender? Do they stand out straight as 
did the old leaves last autumn, or do they 
droop? Why? Will they change position 
and stand out as they grow stronger? Why 
do the leaves stand out from the twigs in 





Tamarack 



Ralph "W. Curtis 



Verne Morton 



Sycamore in winter 

order to get sunshine? What would hap- 
pen to a tree if it lost all its leaves in spring 
and summer? Tell all of the things you 
know which the leaves do for the tree? 

2. Are there any blossoms on your tree 
in the spring? If so, how do they look? 



626 



PLANTS 




Hemlocks under a load of snow 

Are the blossoms which bear the fruit on 
different trees from those that bear the 
pollen, or are these flowers placed sepa- 
rately on the same tree? Or does the same 
flower which produces the pollen also 
produce the seed? Do the insects carry 
the pollen from flower to flower, or does 
the wind do this for the tree? What sort 
of fruits are formed by these flowers? How 
are the fruits scattered and planted? 

3, At what date does your tree stand in 
full leaf? What color is it now? What 
birds do you find visiting it? What insects? 
What animals seek its shade? Do the 
squirrels live in it? 

4. Measure the height of your tree as 
follows: Choose a bright, sunny morning 
for this. Take a stick 3^ feet long and 
thrust it in the ground so that three feet 
will project above the soil. Immediately 
measure the length of its shadow and the 
length of the shadow which your tree 
makes from its base to the shadow of its 



topmost twigs. Supposing that the shadow 
from the stick is 4 feet long and the 
shadow from your tree is 80 feet long, 
then your example will be: 4 ft.: 3 
ft.:: 80 ft.:(?), which will make the tree 
60 feet high. 

To measure the circumference of the 
tree, take the trunk three feet from the 
ground and measure it exactly with a 
tape measure. To find the thickness of the 
trunk, divide the circumference just found 
by 3.14. 

LESSON 173 
How TO MAKE LEAF PRINTS 

A very practical help in interesting chil- 
dren in trees is to encourage them to 
make portfolios of leaf prints of all the 
trees of the region. Although the process 
is mechanical, yet the fact that every 
print must be correctly labeled makes for 
useful knowledge. One of my treasured 
possessions is such a portfolio made by the 
lads of St. Andrews School of Richmond, 
Virginia, who were guided and inspired in 
this work by their teacher, Professor 
W. W. Gillette. The impressions were 
made in green ink and the results are as 
beautiful as works of art. Professor Gil- 
lette gave me my first lesson in making 
leaf prints. 

MATERIAL i. A smooth surface such 
as a slate, a thick plate of glass, or a mar- 
ble slab about 12 X 15 inches. 

2. A tube of printer's ink,, either green 
or black; one tube contains a sufficient 
supply of ink for making several hundred 




Alder showing staminate catkins of current 
year, and fruits matured from pistillate cat" 
kins of preceding year 



TREES 



prints. Or a small quantity of printer's ink 
may be purchased at any printing office. 

3. Two six-inch rubber rollers, such as 
photographers use in mounting prints. A 
letter press may be used instead of one 
roller. 

4. A small bottle of kerosene to dilute 
the ink, and a bottle of gasoline for clean- 
ing the outfit after using, care being taken 
to store them safe from fire. 

5. Sheets of paper; 8-4 X n inches is a 
good size. The paper should be of good 
quality, with smooth surface, in order that 
it may take and hold a clear outline. The 
ordinary p a p^ r used in printers' offices for 
printing newspapers works fairly well. 

To make a print, place a few drops of 
ink upon the glass or slate, and spread it 
about with the roller until there is a thin 
coat of ink upon the roller and a smooth 
patch in the center of the glass or slate. 
It should never be so liquid as to " run/' 





Linden in blossom 



Leaf print of a sycamore maple 

for then the outlines will be blurred. Ink 
the leaf by placing it on the inky surface 
of the glass and passing the inked roller 
over it once or twice until the veins show 
that they are smoothly filled. Now place 
the inked leaf between two sheets of paper 
and roll once with the clean roller, bearing 
down with all the strength possible; a sec- 
ond passage of the roller blurs the print. 
Two prints are made at each rolling, one 
of the upper 7 and one of the under side of 
the leaf. Dry and wrinkled leaves may be 
made pliant by soaking in water, and dry- 
ing between blotters before they are 
inked. 

Prints may also be made a number at 
a time by pressing them under weights, 
being careful to put the sheets of paper 
with the leaves between the pages of old 
magazines OT folded newspapers, in order 
that the impression of one set of leaves 
may not mar the others. If a letter press is 
available for this purpose, it does the work 
quickly and well 

SAP 
Strong as the sea and silent as the grave, 

It flows and ebbs unseen, 
Flooding the earth, a fragrant tidal wave, 
With mists of deepening green. 

JOHN B. TABB 



628 



PLANTS 




Troy Studio 



Sugar bush in spring 



THE MAPLES 



The sugar maple, combining beaut} 1 
with many kinds of utility, is dear to the 
American heart. Its habits of growth are 
very accommodating; when planted where 
it has plenty of room, it shows a short 
trunk and oval head, which, like a dark 
green period, prettily punctuates the sum- 
mer landscape; but when it occurs in the 
forest, its noble bole, a pillar of granite 
gray, rises to uphold the arches of the for- 
est canopy; and it often attains there the 
height of one hundred feet. It grows rap- 
idly and is a favorite shade tree, twenty 
years being long enough to make it thus 
useful. The foliage is deep green in the 
summer, the leaf being a glossy, dark 
green above and paler beneath. It has five 
main lobes, the two nearest the petiole be- 
ing smaller; the curved edges between the 



lobes are marked with a few smoothly cut, 
large teeth; the main veins extend directly 
from the petiole to the sharp tips of the 
lobes; the petiole is long, slender, and oc- 
casionally red. The leaves are placed oppo- 
site. The shade made by the foliage of the 
maple is so dense that it shades down the 
plants beneath it; even grass grows but 
sparsely there. If a shade tree stands in an 
exposed position, it grows luxuriously to 
the leeward of the prevailing winds, and 
thus makes a one-sided record of their 
general direction. 

It is its autumn transfiguration which 
has made people observant of the maple's 
beauty; yellow, orange, crimson, and scar- 
let foliage makes these trees gorgeous 
when October comes. Nor do the trees get 
their color uniformly; even in September, 



TREES 



the maple may show a scarlet branch In 
the midst of its green foliage. I believe this 
is a hectic flush and a premonition of 
death to the branch which, less vigorous 
than its neighbors, is being pruned out by 
Nature's slow but sure method. After the 
vivid color is on the maple, it begins to 
shed its leaves. This is by no means the sad 
act which the poets would have us believe; 
the brilliant colors are an evidence that 
the trees have withdrawn from the leaves 
much of the manufactured food and have 
stored it snugly in trunk and branch for 
winter keeping. Thus, only the mineral 
substances and waste materials are left in 
the leaf, and they give the vivid hues. It is 
a mistake to think that frost causes this 
brilliance; it is caused by the natural, beau- 
tiful, old age of the leaf. When the leaves 
finally fall, they form a mulch-carpet and 
add their substance to the humus from 
which trees and other plants draw new 
powers for growth. 

After ever}* leaf has fallen, the maple 
shows why its shade is dense. It has many 
branches set close and at sharp angles to 
the trunk, dividing into fine, erect spray, 
giving the tree a resemblance to a giant 
whisk broom. Its dark, deep-furrowed 
bark smoothes out and becomes light gray 
on the larger limbs, while the spray is pur- 
plish, a color given It by the winter buds. 
These buds are sharp-pointed and long. 
In late winter, their covering of scales 
shows premonitions of spring by enlarg- 





Sugar maple leaves 



Sugar maple blossoms 

ing, and as if due to the soft influence, 
they become downy, and take on a sun- 
shine color before they are pushed off by 
the leaves. The leaves and the blossoms 
appear together. The leaves are at first 
yellowish, downy, and drooping. The 
flowers appear in tassel-like clusters, each 
downy, drooping thread of the tassel bear- 
ing at its tip a five-lobed calyx, w r hich 
may hold seven or eight long, drooping 
stamens or a pistil with long, double stig- 
mas. The flowers are greenish yellow, and 
those that bear pollen and those that bear 
the seeds may be borne on separate trees 
or on the same tree, but they are always in 
different clusters. If on the same tree, the 
seed-bearing tassels are at the tips of the 
twigs, and those bearing pollen are along 
the sides. 

The ovary is two-celled, but there is 
usually only one seed developed in the 
pair which forms a " key "; to observe this, 
however, we have to dissect the fruits; they 
have the appearance of two seeds joined 
together, each provided with a thin, 
closely veined wing and the two attached 
to the tree by a single long, drooping stem. 
This twin-winged form is well fitted to be 
whirled off by the autumn winds, for the 



630 



PLANTS 




MAPLE SUGAR MAKING 



Sugar maple growing in the open 



seeds ripen In September. 1 have seen 
seedlings growing thickly for rods to the 
leeward of their parent tree, which stood 
in an open field. The maples may 
bear blossoms and produce seeds every 
year. 

There are six species of native maples 
which are readily distinguishable. The sil- 
ver and the red maples and the box elder 
are rather large trees; the mountain and 
the striped (or goosefoot) maples are 
scarcely more than shrubs, and mostly 
grow in woods along streams. The Norway 
and the sycamore maples have been in- 
troduced from Europe for ornamental 
planting. The cut-leaf silver maple comes 
from Japan. 

The maple wood is hard, heavy, strong, 
tough, and fine-grained; it is cream color, 
the heartwood showing shades of brown; 
it takes a fine polish and is used as a fin- 
ishing timber for houses and furniture. 
It is used in construction of ships, cars, 
piano action, and tool handles; its fine- 
grained quality makes it good for wood 
carving; it is an excellent fuel and has 
many other uses. 



Although we have tapped the trees in 
America for many hundred years, we do 
not as yet understand perfectly the mys- 
teries of the sap flow. In 1903, the scien- 
tists at the Vermont Experiment Station 
did some very remarkable work in clearing 
up the mysteries of sap movement. Their 
results were published in their Bulletins 
103 and 105, which are very interesting 
and instructive. 

The starch which is changed to sugar 
in the sap of early spring was made the 
previous season and stored within the 
tree. If the foliage of the tree is injured by 
caterpillars one year, very little sugar can 
be made from that tree the next spring, 
because it has been unable to store enough 
starch in its sapwood and in the outer 
ray cells of its smaller branches to make a 
good supply of sugar. During the latter 
part of winter, the stored starch disap- 
pears, being converted into tree-food in 
the sap, and then begins that wonderful 
surging up and down of the sap tide. Dur- 
ing the first part of a typical sugar season, 
more sap comes from above down than 
from below up; toward the end of the sea- 
son, during poor sap days, there is more 
sap coming up from below than down 
from above. The ideal sugar weather con- 
sists of warm days and freezing nights. 
This change of temperature between day 
and night acts as a pump. During the day 
when the branches of the tree are warmed, 
the pressure forces into the hole bored 
into the trunk all the sap located in the 
adjacent cells of the wood. Then the suc- 
tion which follows a freezing night drives 
more sap into those cells, which is in turn 
forced out when the top of the tree is 
again warmed. The tree is usually tapped 
on the south side, because the action of 
the sun and the consequent temperature- 
pump more readily affects that side. 

" Tapping the sugar bush " are magical 
words to the country boy and girl. Well 
do we older folk remember those days in 
March when the south wind settled the 
snow into hard, marble-like drifts, and the 
father would say, " We will get the sap 



buckets down from the stable loft and 
wash them, for we shall tap the sugar bush 
.soon." In those days the buckets were 
made of staves and were by no means so 
easily washed as are the metal buckets of 
today. Well do we recall the sickish smell 
of musty sap that greeted our nostrils 
when we poured in the boiling water to 
clean those old brown buckets. Previously 
during the winter evenings, we all had 
helped fashion sap spiles from stems of 
sumac. With buckets and spiles ready 
when the momentous day came, the large, 
iron caldron kettle was loaded on a stone- 
boat together with a sap cask, log chain, 
ax, and various other utensils, and as many 
children as could find standing room; 
then the oxen were hitched on and the 
procession started across the rough pas- 
ture to the woods, where it eventually ar- 
rived after numerous stops for reloading 
almost everything but the kettle. 

When we came to the boiling place, we 
lifted the kettle into position and flanked 
it with two great logs against which the 
fire was to be kindled. Meanwhile the 
oxen and stoneboat returned to the house 
for a load of buckets. The oxen, blinking, 
with bowed heads, or with noses lifted 
aloft to keep the underbrush from strik- 
ing their faces, " gee'd and haw'd " up hill 
and down dale through the woods, stop- 
ping here and there while the men with 
augers bored holes in certain trees near 
other holes which had been made in years 






TREES 631 

gone by. When the auger was withdrawn, 
the sap followed It 7 and enthusiastic 
young tongues met it half way, though 




Verne Morton 



A foretaste. An old-fashioned sugar bush 



Maple seedling 

they received more chips than sweetness 
therefrom; then the spiles were driven in 
with a wooden mallet. 

The next day after " tapping/ 7 those of 
us large enough to wear the neck yoke 
donned cheerfully this badge of servitude 
and with its help brought pails of sap to 
the kettle, and the " boiling " began. As 
the evening shades gathered, how deli- 
cious was the odor of the sap steam, per- 
meating the woods farther than the shafts 
of firelight pierced the gloom I How weird 
and delightful was this night experience 
in the woods! And how cheerfully we 
swallowed the smoke which the contrary 
wind seemed ever to turn toward usl We 
poked the fire to send the sparks upward, 
and now and then added more sap from 
a barrel, and removed the scurn from 
the boiling liquid with a skimmer thrust 
into the cleft of a long stick for a handle. 
As the evening wore on, we drew closer to 
each other as we told stories of the Indi- 
ans, bears, panthers, and wolves which 
had roamed these woods when our father 
was a little boy; and came to each of us a 




PLANTS 



M. V. Slingerland 

Leaves of silver maple 

disquieting suspicion that perhaps they 
were not all gone yet, for everything 
seemed possible in those night-shrouded 
woods; and OUT hearts suddenly " jumped 
into our throats " when nearby there 
sounded the tremulous, blood-curdling 
cry of the screech owl. 

After about three days of gathering and 
boiling sap, came the " siruping down/* 
During all that afternoon we added no 
more sap and we watched carefully the 
tawny, steaming mass in the kettle; when 
it threatened to boil over, we threw in 
a thin slice of fat pork which seemed to 
have some mysterious calming influence. 
The odor grew more and more delicious 
and presently the sirup was pronounced 
sufficiently thick. The kettle was swung 
off the logs and the sirup dipped through 
a cloth strainer into a carrying-pail. Oh, 
the blackness of the residue left on that 
strainer! But it was clean woods-dirt and 
never destroyed our faith in the maple 
sugar, any more than did the belief that 
our friends were made of dirt destroy our 
friendship for them. The next day our 
interests were transferred to the house, 
where we " sugared off." There we boiled 
the sirup to sugar on the stove and pour- 
ing it thick and hot upon snow made 



that most delicious of all sweets the 
maple wax; or we stirred it until it 
" grained/ 7 before we poured it into the 
tins to make the " cakes " of maple sugar. 

Now the old stave bucket and the sumac 
spile are gone; in their place the patent 
galvanized spile not only conducts the 
sap but holds in place a tin bucket care- 
fully covered. The old caldron kettle is 
broken, or lies rusting in the shed. In its 
place, in the newfangled sugar-houses, 
are evaporating vats, set over furnaces 
with chimneys. But we may as well con- 
fess that the maple sirup of today seems 
to us a pale and anemic liquid, lacking the 
delicious flavor of the rich, dark nectar 
which we, with the help of cinders, smoke, 
and various other things, brewed of yore 
in the open woods. 

SUGGESTED READING - Maple Sugar 
Time, by Royce S. Pitkin; Nature and 
Science Readers, by Edith M. Patch and 
Harrison E. Howe, Book 4, Through Four 
Seasons; Our Plant Friends and Foes, by 
William A. DuPuy; also, readings on 
page 622. 

LESSON 174 
THE SUGAR MAPLE 

LEADING THOUGHT The sugar maple 
grows very rapidly, and is therefore a use- 
ful shade tree. Its wood is used for many 
purposes, and from its sap is made a de- 
licious sugar. 

METHOD This study of the maple 
should be done by the pupils out of doors, 
with a tree to answer the questions. The 




Ralph W. Curtis 

Blossoms of the silver maple 



TREES 



633 



study of the leaves, blossoms, and fruit 
may be made in the schoolroom. The 
maple is an excellent subject for Lesson 
172. The observations should begin in 
the fall and continue at intervals until 
June. 

OBSERVATIONS. FALL WORK i . Where 
is the maple you are studying? Is it near 
other trees? What is the shape of the 
head? What is the height of the trunk 
below the branches? What is the height 
of the tree? How large around is the trunk 
three feet from the ground? Can you 
find when the tree was planted? Can 
you tell by the shape of the tree from 
which direction the wind blows most 
often? 

2. Can you find fruits on your tree? 
Each fruit is called a key. Sketch a key, 
showing the way the seeds are joined and 
the direction of the wings. Sketch the 
stem which holds the key to the twig. Are 
both halves of the key good or is one 
empty? How are the fruits scattered and 
planted? How far will a maple key fly on 
its wings? Plant a maple fruit where you 
can watch it grow next year. 

3. Make leaf prints and describe a leaf 
of the maple, showing its shape, its veins, 





Ralph W. Curtis 

Blossoms of mountain maple 



Ralph W. Curtis 

Blossoms of striped maple 

and petiole. Are the leaves arranged op- 
posite or alternate on the twig? Make 
leaf prints or sketches of the leaves of all 
the other kinds of maples which you can 
find. How can you tell the different kinds 
of maples by their leaves? 

4. If your tree stands alone, measure 
the ground covered by its shadow from 
morning until evening. Mark the space by 
stakes. What grows beneath the tree? Do 
grass and other plants grow thriftily be- 
neath the tree? Do the same plants grow 
there as in the open field? 

5. Does your maple get its autumn 
colors all at once, or on one or two 
branches first? At what time do you see 
the first autumn colors on your tree? 
When is it completely clothed in its au- 
tumn dress? Is it all red or all yellow, or 
mixed? If it is yellow this year do you 
think it will be red next year? Watch and 
see. Sketch your maple in water colors. 

6. At what time do the leaves begin 
to fall? Do those branches which first col- 
ored brightly shed their leaves before the 




PLANTS 



Ralph W. Curtis 

Leaves and fruit of striped maple 

others? At what date does your tree stand 
bare? 

7. Find a maple tree in the forest and 
compare it with one that grows as a shade 
tree in a field. Why this difference? 

WINTER WORK 8. Make a sketch of 
your maple with the leaves off. What sort 
of bark has it? Is the bark on the branches 
like that on the trunk? Are the main 
branches large? At what angle do they 
come off the trunk? Does the trunk ex- 
tend up through the entire tree? Is the 
spray fine or coarse? Is it straight or 
crooked? 

9. Study the winter buds. Are they al- 
ternate or opposite on the twigs? Are they 
shining or dull? 

SPRING WORK 10. At wiiat time do 
we tap maple trees for sap? On which side 
of the tree do we make the hole? If we 
tapped the tree earlier would we get any 



sap? What kind of weather is the best for 
causing sap flow? Do you suppose that it 
is the sap going up from the root to the 
tree and the branches, or that coming 
down from the branches to the root which 
flows into the bucket? Why do we not 
make maple sugar all summer? Do you 
suppose the sap ceases to run because 
there is no more sap in the tree? 

11. Write a story telling all you can 
find in books or that you know from your 
own experience about the making of 
maple sugar. 

12. \Vhen do the leaves of your maple 
first appear? How do they then look? Do 
they stand out or droop? 

13. Do the blossoms appear with the 
leaves or after them? How do the blossoms 
look? Can you tell the blossoms with 
stamens from those with pistils? Do you 
find them in the same cluster? Do you 
find them on the same tree? 

14. What uses do we find for maple 
wood? What is the character of the wood? 




Ralph W. Curtis 

Blossoms of red maple 



THE AMERICAN ELM 



Although the American elm loves moist 
woods, it is one of those trees that enjoy 
gadding; and without knowing just how 
it has managed to do it, we can see plainly 
that it has planted its seeds along fence 
corners, and many elms now grace our 
fields on sites of fences long ago laid low. 
Because of its beautiful form and its rapid 
growth, the elm has been from earliest 



times a favorite shade tree in the Eastern 
and Middle States. Thirty years after be- 
ing planted, the elms on the Cornell Uni- 
versity campus clasped branches across 
the avenues; and the beauty of many a 
village and city is due chiefly to these grace- 
ful trees of bounteous shade. Moreover, 
the elm is at no time more beautiful than 
when it traces its flowing lines against 



TREES 



635 



the background of snow and gray horizon. 
Whether the tree be shaped like a vase 
or a fountain, the trunk divides into great 
uplifting branches, which in turn divide 
into spray that oftentimes droops grace- 
fully, as if it weie made purposely to sus- 
tain from its fine tips the woven pocket- 
nest of the oriolo. No wonder this bird so 
often chooses the elin for its rooftreel 

In winter, the dark, coarsely-ridged bark 
and the peculiar, wiry, thick spray, as well 
as the characteristic shape of the tree re- 
veal to us its identity; some elms have a 
peculiar habit of growing their short 
branches all the way down their trunk, 
making them look as if they were en- 
twined with a vine. The elm leaf, although 
its ribs are straight and simple, shows a 
little quirk of its own \n the uneven sides 
of its base where it joins the petiole; it is 
dark green and rough above, light green 
and somewhat rough below; but this leaf 
is rough only when stroked in certain di- 
rections, while the leaf of the slippery 
elm is rough whichever way it may be 
stroked. The edges of the leaf have saw 
teeth, which are in turn toothed; the 
petiole is short. The leaf comes out of 





Ralph W. Curtis 

American elm, vase type 



Ralph W. Curtis 

Blossoms of slippery elm 

the bud in the spring folded like a little 
fan; but before the fans are opened to 
the spring breezes, the elm twigs are 
furry with reddish green blossoms. The 
blossom consists of a calyx with an ir- 
regular number of lobes, and for every 
lobe, a stamen which consists of a thread- 
like filament from which hangs a bright 
red anther; at the center is a two-celled 
pistil with two light green styles. These 
blossoms appear in March or early April, 
before the leaves. 

When full-grown the fruit hangs like 
beaded fringe from the twigs. The fruit is 
flat and has a wide, much-veined margin 
or wing, notched at the tip and edged 
with a white silken fringe; the seed is at 
the center, wrinkled and fiat. Each fruit 
shows at its base the old calyx and is at- 
tached by a slender threadlike stem to the 
twig at the axils of last year's leaves. A 
little later the lusty breezes of spring break 
the frail threads and release the fruits, al- 




PLANTS 



Elm fruit 



G. F. Morgan 



though few of them find places fit for 
growth of seeds. 

The elm roots are water hunters and 
extend deep into the earth; most of them 
grow toward water, seeming to know the 
way. The elm heartwood is reddish, the 
sapwood being broad and whitish in color; 
the wood is very tough because of the 
interlaced fibers, and therefore very hard 
to split. It is used for cooperage, wheel 
hubs, saddler^-, and is now used more ex- 
tensively for furniture; its grain is most 
ornamental. It is fairly durable as posts, 
but perhaps the greatest use of all for the 
tree is for shade. The slipper}- elm is much 
like the white elm, except that its inner 
bark is very mucilaginous, and children 
love to chew it. The cork elm has a pe- 
culiar cork}- growth on its brancne*, g.v.ng 
it a very unkempt look. The wahoo, or 
winged elm 7 is a small tree, and its twigs 
are ornamented on each side by a corky 
layer. The English elm has a solid, round 
head 7 very different from that of our grace- 
ful species. The elms are long-lived, un- 
less attacked by insects or disease; some 
elm trees have lived for centuries. The 
Washington elm in Cambridge, and the 
William Penn elm in Philadelphia, which 
now has a monument to mark its place, 
were famous trees. 

Lovers of the elm are at present much 
alarmed at the inroads made by the Dutch 
elm disease, so called because it was first 
discovered in Holland. It first appeared in 
this country in Ohio in 1930, and many 



hundreds of infected trees have since been 
discovered in northern New Jersey and 
southeastern New York. The disease is 
caused by a fungus, Ceratostomella ulrni, 
the spores of which are carried from tree 
to tree by the European elm bark-beetle. 

A tree seriously infected is doomed, and 
will serve as a focal point of infection to 
healthy trees. Dead branches should be 
cut and burned as soon as seen, and thor- 
oughly infected trees should be completely 
destroyed, root and branch. Any compe- 
tent plant pathologist can from a study of 
infected twigs identify the disease, which 
in its early stages resembles less serious 
disorders. 

Unless the disease is eradicated by these 
drastic measures, our beautiful elms may 
succumb as did the chestnuts to the chest- 
nut blight. No one would willingly picture 
America without its elms. 

SUGGESTED READING Holiday Hill, by 
Edith M. Patch; Our Plant Friends and 
Foes, by William A. DuPuy; Under These 
Trees, by Grace Humphry; also, readings 
on page 622. 

LESSON 175 
THE ELM 

LEADING THOUGHT The elm has a pe- 
culiarly graceful form, which makes it of 




Ralph W. Curtis 



American elm 



TREES 



value as a shade tree. It grows best in moist 
locations. Its wood is very tough. 

METHOD This work should be begun 
in the fall with the study of the shape of 
the tree and its foliage. Sketches should 
be made when the tree is clothed in au- 
tumn tints, and later it should be sketched 
again when its branches are naked. Its 
blossoms should be studied in March and 
April and its fruits in May. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where does the 
elm grow? Does it thrive where there is 
little water? What is the usual shape of 
the elm? How does the trunk divide into 
branches to make this shape possible? 
What is the shape of the larger elms? De- 
scribe the spray. Describe the elm bark. 
How can you tell the elm from other trees 
in winter? 

2. Study the elm leaf. What is its form? 
What kind of edges has it? How large is 
it? What is the difference in appearance 
and feeling between the upper and lower 
sides? Are the leaves rough above which- 
ever way you stroke them? If a leaf is 
folded lengthwise are the two halves ex- 
actly alike? How are the leaves arranged 
on the twig? What is their color above and 
below? Describe the leafy growth along 
the trunk. 

3. What is the color of the elm tree in 
autumn? Make a sketch of the elm tree 
you are studying. 





American elm 



Verne Morton 

American elm in winter 

4. What sort of roots has the elm? Do 
they grow deep into the earth? What is 
the character of its wood? Is it easy to 
split? Why? What are the chief uses of 
the elm? 

5. Do you know what distinguishes the 
slippery elm ? the cork elm, the winged 
elm or wahoo, and the English elm from 
the common American or white elm which 
you have been studying? 

6. Write an essay on two famous Amer- 
ican elms. 

j. What birds love to build in the elm 
trees? 



6 3 8 



PLANTS 



8, What disease threatens our elms? 
What steps should be taken to save the 
elms? 

SPRING WORK 9. Which appear first, 
the blossoms or the leaves? Describe the 



elm blossom. How long before the fruits 
ripen? How are the fruits attached to the 
twig? Describe an elm fruit. How are the 
fruits scattered? How are the young leaves 
folded as they come out of the bud? 



THE OAKS 



'The symbol of rugged strength since 
man first gazed upon its noble propor- 
tions, the oak more than other trees has 




White-oak leaves and acorn 

been entangled in human myth, legend, 
and imagination. It was regarded as the 
special tree of Zeus by the Greeks; while 
in primitive England the strange worship 
of the Druids centered on it. Virgil sang 
of it thus: 

Full in the midst of his own strength he 

stands 
Stretching his brawny arms and leafy 

hands, 
His shade protects the plains, his head 

tlie hills commands. 

Although the oak is a tree of grandeur 
when its broad branches are covered with 
leafage, yet it is only in winter when it 
stands stripped like an athlete that we 
realize wherein its supremacy lies. Then 
only can we appreciate the massive trunk 
and the strong limbs bent and gnarled 
with combating the blasts of centuries. 
But there are oaks and oaks, and each 



species fights time and tempest in his own 
peculiar armor and in his own way. Many 
of the oaks achieve the height of eighty 
to one hundred feet. The great branches 
come off the sturdy trunk at wide angles, 
branches crooked or gnarled but which 
may be long and strong; the smaller 




Lewis W. Hender&amp;hot 

White oak in winter 



TREES 



639 



branches also come off at wide angles, 
and in turn bear angular individual spray 
all of which, when covered with leaves, 
make the broad, rounded head which 
characterizes this tree. The oaks are di- 
vided into two classes which the children 
soon learn to distinguish, as follows: 

A. The white oak group, the leaves 
of which have rounded lobes and are 
rough and light-colored below; the wood 
is light-colored, the acorns have sw : eet 
kernels and mature in one year, so that 
there are no acorns on the branches in 
winter. To this class belong the white, 
chestnut, bur, post, and chinquapin oaks. 




Leaves and acorn of swamp white oak 

AA. The bhck oalc group, the leaves of 
w T hich are nearly as smooth below as 
above, and have angular lobes ending in 
sharp points. The bark is dark in color, 
the acorns have bitter kernels and require 
two years for maturing, so that they may 
be seen on the branches in winter. To 
this group belong the black, red, scarlet, 
Spanish, pin, scrub, blackjack, laurel, and 
willow oaks. 

There is a great variation in the shape 
of the leaves on the same tree, and while 
the black, the red, and the scarlet oaks are 
well-marked species, it is possible to find 
leaves on these three different trees which 
are similar in shape. Oaks also hybridize, 
and thus their leaves are a puzzle to the 
botanist; but in general, the species can 
be determined by tree books, and the 
pupils may learn to distinguish some of 
them. 

The acorns and their scaly saucers are 



varied in shape, and are a delight to chil- 
dren as well as to pigs. The great acorns of 

the red oak are made into cups and saucers 




Leaves and acorn of chestnut oak 

by the girls, and those of the scarlet oak 
into tops by the boys. The white oaks turn 




Ralph W. Curtis 

Blossoms of chestnut oak. Compare with 
chestnut blossoms, p. 646 



640 



PLANTS 



a rich wine-color in the autumn, while the 
bur and the chestnut are yellow. The red 
oak is a dark, wine-red; the black oak russet, 
and the scarlet a deep and brilliant red. 



are inconspicuous, at the axils of the leaves, 
and have irregular or curved stigmas; they 
are on the same branch as the pollen-bear- 
ing flowers. 

The oak is long-lived; it does not pro- 
duce acorns until about twenty years of 
age and requires about a century to ma- 
ture. Although from two to three hundred 
years is the average age of most oaks, yet a 
scarlet oak of my acquaintance is about 
four hundred years old, and there are oaks 
still living in England which were there 
when William the Conqueror came. The 
famous Wadsworth Oak at Geneseo, 





White oak in winter 

When the oak leaves first come from the 
buds in the spring, they are soft and 
downy and drooping, those of the red and 
scarlet being reddish, and those of the 
white, pale green with red tints. Thoreau 
says of them, " They hang loosely, flacidly 
down at the mercy of the wind, like a new- 
born butterfly or dragonfly." 

The pollen-bearing flowers are like 
beads on a string, several strings hanging 
down from the same point on the twig, 
making a fringe, and they are attractive 
to the eye that sees. The pistillate flowers 




Cup and saucer made from the acorn of 
red oak 



Leaves and acorn of red oak 

New York, had a circumference of 
twenty-seven feet. This was a swamp 
white oak. One reason for their attaining 
great age is long, strong, taproots which 
plant them deep; doubtless the great 
number of roots near the surface which 
act as braces, and their large and luxurious 
heads, also help the oaks to survive. 

Oak wood is usually heavy, very strong, 
tough, and coarse. The heart is brown, the 
sapwood whitish. It is used for many 
purposes ships, furniture, wagons, 
cars, cooperage, farm implements, piles, 
wharves, railway ties, etc. The white and 
live oaks give the best wood. Oak bark is 
used extensively for tanning. 

SUGGESTED READING First Studies of 
Plant Life, by George F. Atkinson; Nature 
and Science Readers, by Edith M. Patch 
and Harrison E. Howe, Book 2, Outdoor 
Visits; Our Plant Friends and Foes, by 
William A. DuPuy; Under These Trees, 



by Grace Humphry; also, readings on 
page 622. 




TREES 641 

edge of all the species of oaks In the neigh- 
borhood. The tree may be sketched, essays 
concerning the connection of the oak with 
human history may be written, while the 
leaves and acorns may be brought into the 



Leaves and acorn of black oak 

LESSON 176 
THE OAKS 

LEADING THOUGHT The oak tree is 
the symbol of strength and loyalty. Let 
us study it and see what qualities in it have 
thus distinguished it. 




Leaves and acorn of bur oak 

METHOD Any oak tree may be used 
for this lesson; but whatever species is 
used, the lesson should lead to the knowl- 





Leaves and acorn of scarlet oak 



Verne Morton 

Beeck, a near relative of the oak 

schoolroom for study. Use Lesson 173 for 
a study of leaves of all the oaks of the 
neighborhood. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Describe the oak 
tree which you are studying. Where is it 




PLANTS 



Verne Morton 

Beech photographed in April showing last 
year's leaves 

growing? What shape is its head? How 
high in proportion to the head is the 
trunk? What is the color and character of 
its baric? Describe its roots as far as you can 
see. Are the branches straight or crooked? 
Delicate or strong? Is the spray graceful 
or angular? 

2. What is the name of your oak tree? 
What is the color of its foliage in autumn? 
Find three leaves from your tree which 
differ most widely in form, and sketch 
them or make leaf prints of them for 
your notebook. Does the leaf have the 
lobes rounded, or angular and tipped with 
sharp points? Is the leaf smooth on the 
lower side or rough? Is there much differ- 
ence in color between the upper and the 
lower side? 

3. Describe the acorns which grow on 
your oak. Has the acorn a stem, or is it 
set directly on the twig? How much of 
the acorn does the cup cover? Are the 
scales on the cup fine or coarse? Is the 
cup rounded inwards at its rim? What 
is the length of the acorn including the 
cup? The diameter? Are there acorns on 
your oak in winter? Is the kernel of the 
acorn sweet or bitter? Plant an acorn and 
watch it sprout. 



4. Read stories about oak trees, and 
write them in your notebook in your own 
words. 

5. How great an age may the oak at- 
tain? Describe how the country round 
about looked when the oak you are study- 
ing was planted. 

6. How many kinds of oaks do you 
know? What is the difference in leaves 
between the white and the black oak 
groups? What is the difference in the 
length of time required for the acorns to 
mature in these two groups? The differ- 
ence in taste of the acorns? The difference 
in the general color of the bark? 

7. How do the oak leaves look when 
they first come out of the bud in spring? 
What is the color of the tree covered with 
new leaves? When does your oak blossom? 
Find the pollen-bearing blossoms, which 
are hung in long, fuzzy, beady strings. 
Find the pistillate flower which is to form 
the acorn. Where is the pistillate flower 
situated in relation to the pollen-bearing 
flower? 

8. Make a sketch of your oak tree in 
the fall, and another in the winter. Write 
the autobiography of some old oak tree 
in your neighborhood. 

9. For what is the oak wood used? How 
is the bark used? 




Beech nuts and " husks 



TREES 



643 



THE SHAGBARK HICKORY 



How pathetically the untidy bark of 
this dignified tree suggests the careless 
raiment of a great man! The shagbark is 
so busy being something worth while that 
it does not seem to have time or energy to 
clothe itself in tailor-made bark, like the 
beech, the white ash, and the basswood. 
And just as we may like a great man more 
because of his negligence of fashion's de- 
mands, so do we esteem this noble tree, 
and involuntarily pay it admiring tribute 
as we note its trunk with the bark scaling 
off in long, thin plates that curve outward 
at the top and bottom and seem to be 
only slightly attached at the middle. 

In general shape, the shagbark resembles 
the oak; the lower branches are large and, 
although rising as they leave the bole, 
their tips are deflected; and, for their whole 
length, they are gnarled and knotted as if 
to show their strength. The bark on the 
larger branches may be scaly toward their 
bases but above is remarkably smooth. 
The spray is angular and extends in al- 
most every direction. The leaves, like those 
of other hickories, are compound. There 
are generally five leaflets, but sometimes 
only three and sometimes seven. The 
basal pair is smaller than the others. 
The hickory leaves are borne alternately 
on the twig, and from this character the 
hickory may be distinguished from the 
ashes, which have leaves of similar type, 
but which are placed opposite on the 
twigs. The shagbark usually has an un- 
symmetrical oblong head; the lower 
branches are usually shorter than the up- 
per ones, and the latter are irregularly 
placed, causing gaps in the foliage. 

The nut is large, with a thick, smooth 
outer husk channeled at the seams and 
separating readily into sections; the inner 
shell is sharply angled and pointed and 
slightly flattened at the sides; the kernel 
is sweet. The winter buds of the shagbark 
are large, light brown, egg-shaped, and 
downy; they swell greatly before they ex- 
pand. There are from eight to ten bud 



scales; the inner ones, which are red, in- 
crease to two or three inches in length 
before the leaves unfold, after which they 
fall away. The young branches are smooth, 
soft, delicate in color, and with conspicu- 
ous leaf scars. 

The hickory bears its staminate and pis- 
tillate flowers on the same tree. The pol- 
len-bearing flowers grow at the base of 
the season's shoots in slender, pendulous 




Ralph "W. Curtis 

Shagbark hickory. Note loose strips of bark 



644 



PLANTS 




Ralph W. Curtis 

Shellbark or shag bark hickory 

green catkins, which occur usually in clus- 
ters of three swinging from a common 
stem. The pistillate flowers grow at the 
tips of the season's shoots singly or per- 
haps two or three on a common stem. In 
the shagbark the middle lobe of the stami- 
nate calyx is nearly twice as long as the 
other two, and is tipped with long bristles; 
it usually has four stamens with yellow 
anthers; its pistillate calyx is four-toothed 
and hairy, and has two large, fringed stig- 
mas. 

The big shagbark, or king nut, is simi- 
lar to the shagbark in height, manner of 
growth, and bark. However, its leaves have 
from seven to nine leaflets, which are 
more oblong and wedgelike than are those 
of the shagbark; they are also more downy 
when young and remain slightly downy 
beneath. The nut is very large, thick- 
shelled, oblong, angled, and pointed at 
both ends. The kernel is large and sweet 
but inferior in flavor to that of the smaller 
shagbark. The big shagbark has larger 
buds than has the other. Their fringy, 
reddish purple inner scales grow so large 
that they appear tulip-like before they fall 
away at the unfolding of the leaves. 



Hickory wood ranks high in value; it 
is light-colored, close-grained, heavy, and 
very durable when not exposed to mois- 
ture. It is capable of resisting immense 
strain, and therefore it is used for the 
handles of spades, plows, and other tools. 
As a fuel, it is superior to most woods, 
making a glowing, hot, and quite lasting 
fire. 

LESSON 177 
THE SHAGBARK 

LEADING THOUGHT The hickories are 
important trees commercially. They have 
compound leaves which are set alternately 
upon the twig. The shagbark can be told 
from the other hickories by its ragged, 
scaling bark. 

METHOD This lesson may be begun 
in the winter when the tree can be studied 
carefully as to its shape and method of 
branching. Later, the unfolding of the 
leaves from the large buds should be 
watched, as this is a most interesting proc- 
ess; and a little later the blossoms may be 
studied. The work should be taken up 
again in the fall, when the fruit is ripe. 




Opening leaf bud of shagbark hickory 



TREES 



45 



OBSERVATIONS. WINTER WORK i . 
What is the general shape of the whole 
tree? Are the lower branches very large? 
At what angle do the branches, in general, 
grow from the trunk? Are there many 
large branches? 

2. Where is the spray borne? What is 
its character that is, is it fine and 
smooth, or knotted and angled? What is 
its color? 

3. Describe the bark. Is the bark on 
the limbs like that on the trunk? 

4. What is the size and shape of the 
buds? Are the buds greenish-yellow, yel- 
lowish-brown, or do they have a reddish 
tinge? 

5. Count the bud scales. Are they 
downy or smooth? 

SPRING WORK 6. Describe how the 
hickory leaf unfolds from its bud. How is 
each leaflet folded within the bud? 

7. Describe the long greenish catkins 
which bear the pollen. On what part of 
the twigs do they grow? Do they grow 
singly or in clusters? 

8. 'Take one of the tiny, pollen-bearing 
flowers and hold it under a lens on the 
point of a pin. How many lobes has the 



calyx? Count the stamens, and note the 
color of the anthers. 

9. Upon what part of the twigs do the 
pistillate flowers grow? How many points 
or lobes has the pistillate calyx? Describe 
the growth of the nut from the flower. 

AUTUMN WORK 10. Does the hick- 
ory you are studying grow in an open field 
or in a wood? 

11. Are the trunk and branches slender 
and lofty, or sturdy and wide spreading? 

12. Note the number and shape of the 
leaflets. Are they slim and tapering, or 
do they swell to the width of half their 
length? Are they set directly upon or are 
they attached by tiny petioles or petiolules 
to "the mid-stem or petiole? Are they 
smooth or downy on the underside? Are 
the leaves set upon the twigs alternately 
or opposite each other? How are the leaf- 
lets set upon the mid-stem? 

1 3. Describe the outer husk of the nut. 
Into how many sections does it open? 
Does it cling to the nut and fall with it 
to the ground? Is the nut angled and 
pointed, or is it roundish and without 
angles? Is the taste of the kernel sweet or 
bitter? 



THE CHESTNUT 



The chestnut, formerly one of the most 
useful and valuable trees in the eastern 
United States, has been eliminated over 
most of its natural range by the deadly 
chestnut bark disease. In the Southeast 
live chestnut trees are still to be found, 
but over most of the land, where they 
grew originally, growing chestnut exists 
only as small sprouts. These sprouts are 
almost always badly diseased and able to 
live for only a few years. It is almost cer- 
tain that within a short span of time, all 
mature chestnut trees will disappear. 

The interest in native chestnut, even 
though most of it is gone, and not likely 
to reappear, is still so great that a discus- 
sion of it is included here. 

This splendid tree, sometimes reaching 
the height of one hundred feet, seldom 
receives the admiration due to it, simply 



because humanity is so much more inter- 
ested in food than in beauty. The fact 
that the chestnuts are sought so eagerly 
has taken away from interest in the ap- 
pearance of the tree. The chestnut has a 
great round head set firmly on a handsome 
bole y which is covered with grayish brown 
bark divided into rather broad, flat, ir- 
regular ridges. The foliage is superb; the 
long, slender, graceful leaves, tapering at 
both ends, are glossy, brilliant green above 
and paler below; and they are placed near 
the ends of the twigs, those of the fruit- 
ing twigs seeming to be arranged in ro- 
settes to make a background for blossom 
or fruit. The leaves are placed alternately 
and have deeply notched edges, the veins 
extending straight and unbroken from 
midrib to margin; the petiole is short. 
The leaf is like that of the beech, except 



6 4 6 



PLANTS 




Verne Morton 

Not long ago these chestnuts were living 
and flourishing. Now, as is true of most of 
the other chestnuts in the United States, only 
their gaunt skeletons remain 

that it is much longer and more pointed; 
it resembles in general shape the leaf of 
the chestnut oak ? except that the edges 
of the latter have rounded scallops in- 
stead of being sharply toothed. The burs 
appear at the axils of the leaves near the 
end of the twig. Thoreau has given us 
an admirable description of the chestnut 
fruit: 

" What a perfect chest the chestnut is 
packed in! With such wonderful care 
Nature has secluded and defended these 
nuts as if they were her most precious 
fruits, while diamonds are left to take care 
of themselves. First, it bristles all over 
with sharp, green prickles, some nearly 
a half inch long, like a hedgehog rolled 
into a ball; these rest on a thick, stiff, 
barklike rind one-sixteenth to one-eighth 
of an inch thick, which again is most 
daintily lined with a kind of silvery fur 
or velvet plush one-sixteenth of an inch 
thick, even rising into a ridge between the 
nuts, like the lining of a casket in which 
the most precious commodities are kept. 



At last frost comes to unlock this chest; 
it alone holds the true key; and then Na- 
ture drops to the rustling leaves a ' done ' 
nut, prepared to begin a chestnut's course 
again. Within itself again each individual 
nut is lined with a reddish velvet, as if 
to preserve the seed from jar and injury in 
falling, and perchance from sudden damp 
and cold; and within that a thin, white 
skin envelops the germ. Thus, it has lining 
within lining and unwearied care, not to 
count closely, six coverings at least before 
you reach the contents." 

The red squirrels, as if to show their 
spite because of the protection of this 
treasure chest, have the reprehensible 
habit of cutting off the young burs and 
thus robbing themselves of a rich later 
harvest which serves them right. There 
are usually two nuts in each bur, set with 
flat sides together; but sometimes there 
are three and then the middle one is 
squeezed so that it has two flat sides. Oc- 
casionally there is only one nut developed 
in a bur, and it grows to be almost globu- 
lar. The color we call chestnut is derived 
from the beautiful red-brown of the pol- 
ished shell of the nut, polished except 
where the base joins the bur, and at the 
apex, which is gray and downy. 

The chestnut is a beautiful tree, 




Leaves and blossoms of the chestnut 



TREES 



647 



whether green in summer or glowing 
golden yellow in autumn, or bare in win- 
ter; but it is most beautiful during late 
June and July, when covered with constel- 
lations of pale yellow stars. Each of these 
stars is a rosette of the pollen-bearing blos- 
soms; each ray consists of a catkin often six 
or eight inches in length, looking like a 
thread of yellowish chenille fringe; cloth- 
ing this thread in tufts for its whole length 
are the stamens, standing out like minute 
threads tipped with tiny anther balls. If 
we observe the blossom early enough, we 




Detail of chestnut blossoms 

a, a, pistillate flowers set in a base of scales; b, pistil- 
late flower enlarged; c, stamiiiate flower enlarged 

can see these stamens curled up as they 
come forth from the tiny, pale yellow, six- 
lobed calyx. One calyx, although scarcely 
one-sixteenth of an inch across, develops 
from ten to twenty of these stamens; these 
tiny flowers are arranged in knots along 
the central thread of the catkin. No won- 
der it looks like chenille! There are often 
as many as thirty of these catkin rays in 
the star rosette; the lower ones come from 
the axils of the leaves; but toward the tips 
of the twig, the leaves are ignored and the 
catkins have possession. In one catkin I 
estimated that there were approximately 
2,500 stamens developed, each anther 
packed with pollen. When we think that 
there may be thirty of the catkins in a 
blossom star, we get a glimmering of the 
amount of pollen produced. 

And what is all this pollen for? Can it 
be simply to fertilize the three or four 
inconspicuous flowers at the tip of the 
twig beyond and at the center of the star? 
These pistillate flowers are little bunches 
of green scales with some short, white 
threads projecting from their centers; and 
beyond them a skimpy continuation of 
the stalk with more little green bunches 



scattered along it, which are undeveloped 
pistillate blossoms. The one or two flow- 




Verne Morton 



Chestnuts in burs 



ers at the base of the stalk seem to get all 
the nourishment and the others do not 
develop. If we examine one of these nests 
of green scales, we find that there are six 
threads belonging to one tiny, green flower 
with a six-lobed calyx; the six threads are 
the stigmas, each one reaching out and 
asking for no more than one grain of the 
rich shower of pollen. 

Whereas the chestnut blooms in the 
summer, the blossoms of the other mem- 
bers of its family appear earlier; and their 
fruit has formed when the chestnut comes 
into bloom. 

Chestnut wood is light, rather soft, stiff, 
coarse, and not strong. It is used in cabi- 
net work, cooperage, and for telegraph 
poles and railway ties. When burned as 
fuel, it snaps and crackles almost as much 
as hemlock. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
page 622. 




O. L. Foster 



Chestnuts 



PLANTS 



THE HORSE CHESTNUT 




Ralph W. Curtis 

Horse chestnut in blossom 

The wealth of children is, after all, the 
truest wealth in this world; and the horse 
chestnuts, brown and smooth, looking so 
appetizing and so belying their looks, have 
been used from time immemorial by boys 
as legal tender a fit use, for these hand- 
some nuts seem coined purposely for boys' 
pockets. 

The horse chestnut is a native of Asia 
Minor. It has also a home in the high 
mountains of Greece. In America, it is es- 
sentially a shade tree. Its head is a broad 
cone, its dark green foliage is dense, and, 
when in blossom, the flower clusters stand 
out like little white pyramids against the 
rich background in a most striking fash- 
ion. " A pyramid of green supporting a 
thousand pyramids of white " is a clever 
description of this tree's blossoming. The 
brown bark of the trunk has a tendency 
to break into plates, and the trunk is just 
high enough to make a fitting base for the 
handsome head. 

The blossom panicle is at the tip end 
of the twig and stops its growth at that 



point; the side buds continue to grow thus 
making a forking branch. Each blossom 
panicle stands erect like a candle flame, 
and the flowers are arranged spirally 
around the central stem, each pedicel car- 
rying from four to six flowers. The calyx 
has five unequal lobes, and it and the 
stem are downy. Five spreading and un- 
equal petals with ruffled margins are 
raised on short claws, to form the corolla; 
seven stamens with orange colored an- 
thers are thrust far out and up from the 
flower. The blossoms are creamy or pink- 
ish white and have purple or yellow 
blotches in their throats. Not all the flow- 
ers have perfect pistils. The stigmas ripen 
before the pollen, and are often thrust 
forth from the unopened flower. The flow- 
ers are fragrant and are eagerly visited by 
bumblebees, honeybees, and wasps. 

Very soon after the blossom falls, there 
may be seen one or two green, prickly 
balls, which contain the fruits. By Octo- 
ber the green, spherical husk breaks open 
in three parts, showing its white satin lin- 
ing and the roundish, shining, smooth nut 
at its center. At first there were six little 
nuts in this husk, but all except one gave 
up to the single burly occupant that is 
there when the husk opens. The great, 
round, pale scar on the nut is where it 




a. Blossom of the sweet buckeye and young 
fruit; b, Blossom and young fruit of horse 
chestnut 



TREES 



foined the husk. Very few American ani- 
mals will eat the nut; the squirrels scorn 
it and horses surely disown it. 

In winter, the horse chestnut twig has 
at its tip a large bud and looks like a 
knobbed antenna thrust forth to test the 
safety of the neighborhood. There are, be- 
sides the great varnished buds at the ends 
of the twigs, smaller buds opposite to each 
other along the sides of the twig, standing 
out stiffly. On each side of the end bud, 
and below each of the others, is a horse- 
shoe-shaped scar left by the falling leaf of 
last year. The " nails " in this horseshoe 
are formed by the leafy fibers which 
joined the petiole to the twig. The great 
terminal buds hold both leaves and flow- 
ers. The buds in winter are brown and 
shining as if varnished; when they begin 
to swell, they open, displaying the silky 
gray floss which swaddles the tiny leaves. 
The leaves unfold rapidly and lift up their 
green leaflets, looking like partly opened 
umbrellas, and giving the tree a very 
downy appearance, which Lowell so well 
describes: 

And gray boss-chestnut's leetle hands un- 
fold 
Softer'n a baby's be at three days old. 

The leaf, when fully developed, has 
seven leaflets, of which the central ones 





Ralph W. Curtis 

Horse chestnut blossoms and leaves 



O. L. Foster 

Buckeyes, They resemble horse chestnuts 

are the larger. They are all attached 
around the tip of the petiole. The number 
of leaflets may vary from three to nine, but 
is usually seven. The leaflets are oval in 
shape, being attached to the petiole at the 
smaller end; their edges are irregularly 
toothed. The veins are large, straight, and 
lighter in color; the upper surface is 
smooth and dark green, the underside is 
lighter in color and slightly rough. The 
petiole is long and shining and enlarges at 
both ends; when cut across, it shows a 
woody outer part encasing a bundle of 
fibers, one fiber to each leaflet. The places 
where these fibers were attached to the 
twig make the nails in the horseshoe scar. 
The leaves are placed opposite on the 
twigs. 

Very different from that of the horse 
chestnut is the flower of the yellow or 
sweet buckeye; the calyx is tubular, long, 
and five-lobed; the two side petals are on 
long stalks and are closed like spoons over 
the stamens and anthers; the two upper 
petals are also on long stalks, lifting them- 
selves up and showing on their inner sur- 
faces a bit of color to tell the wandering 
bee that here is a tube to be explored. The 
flowers are greenish yellow. The flowers 
of the Ohio buckeye show a stage between 
the sweet buckeye and the horse chestnut. 
The Ohio buckeye is our most common 
native relative of the horse chestnut. Its 
leaves have five leaflets instead of seven. 
The sweet buckeye is ako an American 
species and grows in the Allegheny Moun- 
tains. 

LESSON i 78 
THE HORSE CHESTNUT 

LEADING THOUGHT The horse chest- 
nut has b'.&gt;-\ introduced in America as a 



650 



PLANTS 



shade tree from Asia Minor and southern 
Europe. Its foliage and its flowers are both 
beautiful. 

METHOD This tree is almost always at 
hand for the village teacher, since it is so 
often used as a shade tree. Watching the 
leaves develop from the buds is one of the 
most common of the nature-study lessons. 
The study of the buds, leaves, and fruits 
may be made in school; but the children 
should observe the tree where it grows 
and pay special attention to its insect visi- 
tors when it is in bloom. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Describe the horse 
chestnut tree when in blossom. At what 
time does this occur? What is there in 
its shape and foliage and flowers which 
makes it a favorite shade tree? Where did 
it grow naturally? What relatives of the 
horse chestnut are native to America? 

2. Study the blossom cluster; are the 
flowers borne on the ends or on the sides 
of the twig? Describe the shape of the 
cluster. How are the flowers arranged 
on the main flowerstalk to produce this 
form? Do the flowers open all at once 
from top to bottom of the cluster? Are all 
the flowers in the cluster the same color? 
Are they fragrant? What insects visit 
them? 

3. Take a single flower; describe the 
form of the calyx. Is it smooth or downy? 
Are the lobes all the same size? Are the 
petals all alike in size and shape? What 
gives them the appearance of Japanese 
paper? Are any connected together? Are 
they all splashed with color alike? 

4. How many stamens are there? 
Where do you see them? What color are 
the anthers? Search the center of a flower 
for a pistil with its green style. Do you 
find one in every flower? Could a bee 
reach the nectar at the base of the blossom 
without touching the stigma? Could she 
withdraw without dusting herself with 
pollen? 

5. How long after the blossom does the 



young fruit appear? How does it look? 
How many nuts are developed from each 
cluster of blossoms? What is the shape of 
the bur? Into how many parts does it 
open? Describe the outside; the inside. 
Describe the shape of the nuts, their color 
and markings. Open a nut. Can you find 
any division in the kernel? Is it good to 
eat? 

HORSE-CHESTNUT TWIGS AND LEAVES IN 
SPRING- 6. Are the buds on the twigs 
nearly all the same size? Where are the 
larger ones situated? What is the color of 
the buds? How are the scales arranged on 
them? Are they shiny or dull? What do 
the scales enfold? Can you tell without 
opening them which buds contain flowers 
and which ones leaves? 

7. Describe the scars below the buds. 
What caused them? What marks are on 
them? What made the " nails " in the 
horseshoe? Has the twig other scars? How 
do the ring-marks show the age of the 
twig? Do you see the little, light colored 
dots scattered over the bark of the twig? 
What are they? 

8. Describe how the leaf unfolds from 
the bud. What is the shape of the leaf? 
Do all the leaves have the same number 
of leaflets? Do any of them have an even 
number? How are the leaflets set upon the 
petiole? Describe the leaflets, including 
shape, veins, edges, color above and be- 
low. Is the petiole pliant, or stiff and 
strong? Is it the same shape and size 
throughout its length? Break a petiole; is 
it green throughout? What can you see at 
its center? Are the leaves opposite or al- 
ternate? When they fall, do they drop en- 
tire or do the leaflets fall apart from the 
petiole? 

9. Make a sketch of the horse-chestnut 
tree. 

10. How do the flowers and leaves of 
the horse chestnut differ from those of 
the sweet buckeye and of the Ohio buck- 
eye? 



TREES 




Ralph "W, Curtis 



Yellow-twigged and weeping willows 



THE WILLOWS 

They shall spring up among the grass, as willows by the water courses. 

ISAIAH 

When I cross opposite the end of Willow Row the sun comes out and the trees 
are very handsome 7 like a rosette, pale, tawny or fawn color at base and red-yellow or 
orange-yellow for the upper three or four feet. This is, methinks, the brightest object 
in the landscape these days. Nothing so betrays the spring sun. I am aware that the 
sun has come out of the cloud just by seeing it light up the osiers. THOREAU 



The willow Thoreau noted, is the 
golden osier, a colonial dame, a descendant 
from the white willow of Europe. It is the 
most common tree planted along streams 
to confine them to their channels, and af- 
fords an excellent subject for a nature- 
study lesson. The golden osier has a short 
though magnificent trunk, giving off tre- 
mendous branches, which in turn branch 
and uphold a mass of golden terminal 
shoots. But there are many willows besides 
this, and the one who tries to determine 
all the species and hybrids must conclude 
that of making willows there is no end. 
The species most beloved by children 
is the pussy willow 7 which is often a 



shrub, rarely reaching twenty feet in 
height. It loves moist localities, and on its 
branches in early spring are developed the 
silky, furry pussies, larger than the pussies 
of other willows. These are favorite ob- 
jects for a nature-study lesson, and yet 
how little have the teachers or pupils 
known about these flowers! 

The showy willow pussies are the pol- 
len-bearing flowers; they are covered in 
winter by a brown, varnished, double, 
tentlike bract. The pussy in full bloom 
shows beneath each fur-bordered scale 
two stamens with long filaments and 
plump anthers; but there are no pistils in 
this blossom. The flowers which produce 



652 PLANTS 

seed are borne on another tree entirely 
and in similar greenish gray catkins, but 
not so soft and furry. In the pistillate cat- 





tH.fl 

Enlarged willow blossoms 

Pistillate blossom showing nectar-gland, (n.gl.) Stami- 
nate flower showing the nectar-gland (n.gl.) 

kin each fringed scale has at its base a pistil 
which thrusts out a Y-shaped stigma. The 
question of how the pollen from one gets 
to the pistils of another is a story which 
the bees and the wind can best tell. The 
willow flowers give the bees almost their 
earliest spring feast ? and when they are in 
blossom, the happy hum of the bees work- 
ing in them can be heard for some distance 
from the trees. The pollen gives them bee 
bread for their early brood, and they get 
their honey supply from the nectar which 
is produced in little jug-shaped glands, at 
the base of each pollen-bearing flower on 
the " pussy " catkin, and in a long pocket 
at the base of each flower on the pistillate 
catkin. So they pass back and forth, carry- 
ing their pollen loads, which fertilize the 
stigmas on trees where there is no pollen. 

In June the willow seed is ripe. The cat- 
kin then is made up of tiny pods, which 
open like milkweed pods and are filled 
with seed equipped with balloons. When 
these fuzzy seeds are being set free people 
say that the willows " shed cotton." 

Although the seed of the willow is pro- 
duced in abundance, it is hardly needed 
for preserving the species. Twigs which we 
place in water to develop flowers will also 
put forth roots; even if the twigs are placed 
in water wrong side up, rootlets will form. 
A twig lying flat on moist soil will push 
out rootlets along its entire length as 
though it were a root; and shoots will grow 
from the buds on its upper side. This 
habit of the willows and the fact that the 



roots are long, strong, and fibrous, malce 
these trees of great use as soil binders. 
There are few things better than a thick 
hedge of willows to hold streams to their 
proper channels during floods; the roots 




Verne Morton 

Willow pussies; the staminate blossoms of 
the willow 



TREES 



reach out in all directions, interlacing 
themselves in great masses, and thus hold 
the soil of the banks in place. The twigs 
of several of the species, notably the crack 
and sand-bar willows, are broken off 
easily by the wind and carried off down 
stream, and where they lodge, they take 
root; thus, many streams are bordered by 
self -planted willow hedges. 

The willow foliage is fine and makes a 
beautiful, soft mass with delicate shadows. 
The leaf is long, narrow, pointed, and 
slender, with finely toothed edges and 
short petiole; the exact shape of the leaf, 
of course, depends upon the species, but 
all of them are much lighter in color be- 
low than above. The willows are, as a 
whole, water lovers and quick growers. 

Although willow wood is soft and ex- 
ceedingly light, it is very tough when sea- 
soned and is used for many things. The 
wooden shoes of the European peasant, 
artificial limbs, willowware, and charcoal 
of the finest grain used in the manufacture 
of gunpowder are all made from the wil- 
low wood. The toughness and flexibility 
of the willow twigs have given rise to 
many industries; baskets, hampers, and 
furniture are made of them. To get these 
twigs the willow trees are pollarded, or 
cut back every year between the fall of 
the leaves and the flow of the sap in the 
spring. This pruning results in many 
twigs. The use of willow twigs in basketry 
is ancient. The Britons fought the Roman 
soldiers from behind shields of basket 
work; and the wattled huts in which they 
lived were woven of willow saplings 
smeared with clay. Salicylic acid, used 
widely in medicine, is made from willow 
bark, which produces also tannin and 
some unfading dyes. 

There are many insect inhabitants of 
the willow, but perhaps the most interest- 
ing is the little chap who makes a conelike 
object on the twig of certain species of 
willow growing along our streams. This 
cone is naturally considered a fruit by the 
ignorant, but we know that the willow 
seeds are grown in catkins instead of 
cones. This willow cone is made by a small 
gnat which lays its egg in the tip of the 




Verne Morton 

Pistillate blossoms of the pussy willow 

twig; as soon as the little grub hatches, it 
begins to gnaw the twig, and this irrita- 
tion for some reason stops the growth. 
The leaves instead of developing along the 
stem are dwarfed and overlap each other. 
Just in the center of the cone at the tip 
of the twig the little larva lives its whole 
life surrounded by food and protected 
from enemies; it remains in the cone all 
winter, in the spring changes to a pupa, 
and after a time comes forth a very deli- 
cate little fly. The larva in this gall does 
not live alone. It has its own little apart- 
ment at the center, but other gall gnats 
live in outer chambers and breed there in 
great numbers. It is well to gather these 
cones in winter; examine one by cutting it 
open to find the larva, and place others 
in a fruit jar with a cover so as to see the 




PLANTS 



Verne Morton 



Seeds of the willow 



little flies when they shall issue in the 
spring. (Seep. 337.) 

There is another interesting winter ten- 
ant of willow leaves, but it is rather diffi- 
cult to find. On the lower branches may 
be discovered, during winter and spring, 
leaves rolled lengthwise and fastened, 
making elongated cups. Each little cup is 
very full of a caterpillar which just fits it, 
the caterpillar's head forming the plug of 
the opening. This is the partially grown 
larva of the viceroy butterfly. A larva of 
the autumn brood of this butterfly eats off 
the tip of the leaf each side of the midrib 
for about half its length, fastens the peti- 
ole fast to the twig with silk, then rolls the 



base of the leaf into a cup, lines it with 
silk and backs into it, there to remain un- 
til fresh leaves on the willow in spring af- 
ford it new food. 
SUGGESTED READING Page 622. 

LESSON 179 
THE WILLOWS 

LEADING THOUGHT The willows have 
their pollen-bearing flowers and their seed- 
bearing flowers on separate trees; the pol- 
len is distributed by bees and by the wind. 
The willow pussies are the pollen-bearing 
flowers. 

METHOD As early in March as is prac- 
ticable, have the pupils gather twigs of as 
many different kinds of willows as can be 
found; these should be put in jars of 
water and placed in a warm, sunny win- 
dow. The catkins will soon begin to push 
out from the bud scales, and the whole 
process of flowering may be watched. 

OBSERVATIONS i. How can you tell 
the common willow tree from afar? In 
what localities do these trees grow? What 
is the general shape of the big willow? 
How high is the trunk, or bole? What 
sort of bark has it? Are the main branches 
large or small? Do they stand out at a wide 
angle or lift up sharply? What color are 
the terminal shoots, or spray? 

2. Are the buds opposite or alternate 
on the twigs? Is there a bud at exactly the 
end of any twig? How many bracts are 
there covering the bud? 

3. Which appear first, the leaves or the 
blossoms? Study the pussies on your twigs 
and see if they are all alike. Is one kind 
more soft and furry than the other? Are 
they of different colors? 

4. Take one of the furry pussies. De- 
scribe the little bract, which is like a pro- 
tecting hood at its base. What color is the 
fur? After a few days, what color is the 
pussy? Why does it change from silver 
color to yellow? Pick one of the catkins 
apart and see how the fur protects the sta- 
mens. 

5. Take one of the pussies which is not 
so furry. Can you see the little pistils with 
the Y-shaped stigmas set in it? Is each 



little pistil set at the base of a little scale 
with fringed edges? 

6. Since the pollen-bearing catkins are 
on one tree and the seed-bearing catkins 
are on the other, and since the seeds can- 
not be developed without the pollen, how 
is the pollen carried to the pistils? For this 
answer, visit the willows when the pussies 
are all in bloom and listen. Tell what 
you hear. What insects do you see work- 
ing on the willow blossoms? What are 
they after? 

j. What sort of seed has the willow? 
How is it scattered? Do you think the 
wind or water has most to do with plant- 
ing willow seed? 

WORK FOR MAY OR SEPTEMBER 8. 
Describe willow foliage and leaves. How 
can you tell willow foliage at a distance? 

9. What sort of roots has the willow? 



TREES 655 

Why are the willows planted along the 
banks of streams? If you wished to plant 
some willow trees how would you do it? 
Would you plant seeds or twigs? 

10. For what purposes is willow wood 
used? How are the twigs used? Why are 
they specially fitted for this use? What is 
pollarding a tree? What chemicals do we 
get from willow bark? 

11. Do you find willow cones on your 
willows? Cut one of these cones through 
and see if you can find any seeds. What is 
in the middle of it? What do you think 
made the scales of the cone? Do you think 
this little gall insect remains in here all 
winter? 

12. In winter, hunt the lower branches 
of willows for leaves rolled lengthwise, 
making a winter cradle for the young cat- 
erpillars of the viceroy butterfly. 



THE COTTONWOOD OR CAROLINA POPLAR 



The sojourner on our western plains 
where streams are few and sluggish, dis- 
appearing entirely in summer, soon learns 
to love the cottonwoods, for they will 
grow and cast their shade for men and cat- 
tle where few other trees could endure. 
The cottonwood may be unkempt and 
ragged, but it is a tree, and we are grateful 
to it for its ability to grow in unfavorable 
situations. In the Middle West it attains 
its perfection, although in New York we 
have some superb specimens trees 
which are more than one hundred feet in 
height and with majestic trunks, perhaps 
five or six feet through. The deep-fur- 
rowed, pale gray bark makes a handsome 
covering. The trunk divides into great out- 
swinging, widely spaced branches, which 
bear a fine spray on their drooping ends. 
Sargent declares that at its best the cot- 
tonwood is one of the stateliest inhabit- 
ants of our eastern forests. The variety we 
plant in cities we call the Carolina poplar, 
but it is a cottonwood. It is a rapid grower, 
and therefore a great help to the " boom 
towns " of the West and to the boom 
suburbs in the East; although for a city 
tree its weak branches break too readily 



in wind storms in old age. However, it 
keeps its foliage clean, the varnished leaves 
shedding the dust and smoke; because of 
this latter quality it is of special use in 
towns that burn soft coal. 

The cottonwood twigs which we gather 
for study in the spring are yellowish or 




Cottonwood 



656 PLANTS 

reddish, those of last year's growth being 
smooth and round, while those showing 
previous growth are angular. The buds are 




Anna C. Stryke 

Staminate catkin of cottonwood 

red-brown and shining, and covered with 
resin which the bees like to collect for 
their glue. The leaf buds are slender and 
sharp-pointed; the flower buds are wider 
and plumper. 

The two sexes of the flowers are borne 
on separate trees. The trees bearing pollen 
catkins are so completely covered with 
them that they take on a very furry, pur- 
plish appearance when in blossom. These 
catkins are from three to five inches long 
and half an inch thick, looking fat and 
pendulous; each fringed scale of the catkin 
has at its base a disc looking like a white 
bracket, from which hang the reddish- 
purple anthers; these catkins fall after the 
pollen is shed and look like red caterpillars 
upon the ground. 

The seed-bearing flowers are very differ- 
ent; they look like a string of little, green- 
ish beads loosely strung. Each pistil is 



globular and set in a tiny cup, and it has 
three or four stigmas which are widened 
or lobed; as it matures, it becomes larger 
and darker green, and the string elongates 
to six or even ten inches. The little 
pointed pods open into two or more 
valves and set free the seeds, which are 
provided with a fluff of pappus to sail 
them off on the breeze; so many of the 
seeds develop that every object in the 
neighborhood is covered with their fuzz, 
and thus the tree has gained its name 
" cottonwood." 

The foliage of the cottonwood is like 
that of other poplars, trembling with the 
breeze. The heavy, subcircular leaf is sup- 
ported on the sidewise flattened petiole, 
so that the slightest breath of air sets it 
quaking; a gentle breeze sets the whole 
tree twinkling and gives the eye a fasci- 
nating impression as of leaves beckoning. 
The leaf is in itself pretty. It is from three 
to five inches long, broad, slightly angu- 
lar at the base, and has a long, tapering, 
pointed tip. The edge is saw-toothed, and 
also slightly ruffled except near the stem 
where it is smooth; it is thick and shining 
green above and paler beneath. The long, 
slender petiole is red or yellowish, and the 
leaves are placed alternately on the twigs. 

In the autumn the leaves are brilliant 
yellow. The wood is soft, weak, fine- 
grained, whitish or yellowish, and has a 




Cyrus Crosby 

The growing- fruits of the cottonwood - 



TREES 



satiny luster; it is not durable. It is used 
somewhat for building and for furniture, 
in some kinds of cooperage, and also for 
crates and woodenware; but its greatest 
use is for making the pulp for paper. 
Many newspapers and books are printed 
on cottonwood paper. It is common from 
the Middle States to the Rocky Moun- 
tains and from Manitoba to Texas. 

LESSON 180 
THE COTTONWOOD 

LEADING THOUGHT The cottonwood 
is a poplar. It grows rapidly and flour- 
ishes on the dry western plains where 
other trees fail to gain a foothold. It grows 
well in the dusty city, its shining leaves 
shedding the smoke and dirt. 

METHOD Begin this study in spring 
before the cottonwoods bloom. Bring in 
twigs in February, give them water and 
warmth, and watch the development of 
the catkins. Afterwards watch the unfold- 
ing of the leaves and study the tree. Twigs 
of the aspen, if brought indoors in early 
spring, provide a very interesting study. 

OBSERVATIONS i . What is the color 
of the bark on the cottonwood? Is it ridged 
deeply? What is the color of the twigs? 





Ralph W. Curtis 

Flowers of trembling aspen, sometimes called 
f popple tree" a near relative of the cotton- 
wood 



Ralph W. Curtis 

Lombardy poplar, another relative of the cot- 
tonwood 

Are they round or angular, or both? De- 
scribe the winter buds and bud scales. Can 
you tell which bud will produce leaves and 
which flo\vers? 

2. Describe the catkin as it comes out. 
Has this catkin anthers and pollen, or will 
it produce seed? Do you think the seeds 
are produced on the same trees as the 
pollen? 

3. Find a pollen-bearing catkin. De- 
scribe the stamens. Can you see anything 
but the anthers? On what are they set? 



658 PLANTS 

What color are they? What color do they 
give to the tree when they are in blossom? 
What happens to the catkins after their 
pollen is shed? 

4. Find a seed-bearing catkin. How 
long is it? Do you see why this tree is 
called the necklace poplar? Describe the 
pistils which make the beads on the neck- 
lace. 

5. When do the seeds ripen? If you 
have lived near the tree, how do you know 
when they are ripe? How long is the cat- 




Seed pod of poplar, shut and open 

kin with the ripened seeds? How many 
balls on the necklace now? What is the 
color? How many seeds come out of each 
little pod? How are the seeds floated on 
the air? Why do we call this tree " cotton- 
wood "? 

6. How large is the largest cottonwood 
that you know? Sketch it to show the 



shape of the tree. Are the main branches 
large? Do they droop at the tips? 

7. How does the foliage of the cotton- 
wood look? Does it twinkle with the 
wind? Examine the leaves upon a branch 
and tell why you think they twinkle. Are 
the petioles round or flat? Are they flat- 
tened sidewise or up and down? Are they 
stiff or slender? Describe the leaves, giving 
their shape, veins, edges, color, and tex- 
ture above and below. Are the edges ruf- 
fled as well as toothed? Is the leaf heavy? 
If a breeze comes along how would it 
affect such a heavy, broad leaf on such a 
slender, thin petiole? Blow against the 
leaves and see how they move. Do you 
understand, now, why they tremble in the 
slightest breeze? Can you see why the 
leaves shed smoke and dust, when used for 
shading city streets? 

8. Why is the cottonwood used as a 
shade tree? Do you think it makes a beau- 
tiful shade tree? How long does it take it 
to grow? What kind of wood does it pro- 
duce? For what is the wood of the cotton- 
wood used? 



THE WHITE ASH 



Myths and legends cluster about the 
ash tree. It was, in the Norse mythology, 
the tree " Igdrasil," the tree of the uni- 
verse, which was the origin of all things. 
" As straight as a white ash tree " was the 
highest compliment that could be paid to 
the young pioneer; so straight is its fiber 
and so strong its quality that the Ameri- 
can Indians made their canoe paddles 
from it. 

The bark of the ashes is very beauti- 
ful. It is divided into fine, vertical ridges, 
giving the trunks the look of being shaded 
with pencil lines; the bark smooths out 
on the lower branches. But even more 
characteristic than the bark are the ash 
branches and twigs; the latter are sparse, 
coarse, and clumsy, those of the white 
ash being pale orange or gray, and seem- 
ingly warped into curves at the ends; they 
are covered with whitish gray dots, which 
reveal themselves under the lens to be 
breathing-pores. 



The white ash loves to grow in rich 
woods or in rich soil anywhere, even 
though it be shallow; at its best, it reaches 
the height of 130 feet, with a trunk six 
feet through. Its foliage is peculiarly grace- 
ful; the leaves are from eight to twelve 
inches long and are composed of from 
five to nine leaflets. The leaflets have little 
petiolules connecting them with the peti- 
ole; in shape they are ovate with edges ob- 
scurely toothed or entire; the two basal 
leaflets are smaller than the others and 
the end one largest; in texture, they are 
satiny, dark green above, whitish beneath, 
with feather-like veins, often hairy on the 
lower side. The petioles are swollen at the 
base. The leaves are set opposite upon 
the twig; except for the horse chestnut, 
the ashes are our only common trees with 
compound leaves which have the leaves 
opposite. This characteristic distinguishes 
the ashes from the hickories. The autumn 
foliage has a very peculiar color; the leaves 



TREES 



are dull purple above and pale yellow be- 
low; this brings the sunshine color into 
the shadowj- parts of the tree, and gives 
a curious effect of no perspective. Not- 
withstanding this, the autumn coloring is 
a joy to the artistic eye and is very char- 
acteristic. 

The fruits of the ash are borne in 
crowded clusters; the delicate stalk, from 
three to five inches long, is branched into 
smaller stalks to w T hich are joined two or 
three keys. Often several of these main 
stalks come from the same bud at the tip 
of last year's wood, so that they seem 
crowded. The fruit is winged, the wing 
being almost twice as long as the seed set 
at its base. Thoreau says: "The keys of 
the white ash cover the trees profusely, a 





Ralph. W, Curtis 



White ash 



G. P. Morgan 

Pistillate blossoms of white ash 

sort of mulberry brown, an inch and a 
half long, and handsome." The fruits 
cling persistently to the tree ? and I have 
often observed them being blown over 
the surface of the snow as if they were 
skating to a planting place. 

The flow r ers appear in April or May, 
before the leaves. The pistillate flowers 
make an untidy fringe, curling in every 
direction around the twigs. The chief 
flowerstalk is three to four inches long, 
quite stout, pale green, and from this arise 
short, fringed stalks, each carrying along 
its sides the knobs on little stalks which 
are the pistillate flowers. Each tiny flower 
seems to be bristling with individuality, 
standing off at an angle to get a share of 
the pollen. The flower has the calyx four- 
lobed; the style is long and slender and is 
divided into a V-shaped purple stigma. 

The staminate flowers appear early in 
the spring, and look like knobs on the 
tips of the coarse, sparse twigs; they con- 
sist of masses of thick, green anthers with 
very short, stout filaments; each calyx is 
four-lobed. These flowers are attached to a 
five-branching stem; but the stem and its 
branches cannot be seen unless the an- 
thers are plucked off, because they hang 



66o 



PLANTS 




Verne Morton 



Young ash 



in such a crowded mass. Later the leaves 
come out beyond them. 

The leaf buds in winter are very pretty; 
they are white, bluntly pointed, with a 
pale gray half-circle below, on which was 
set last year's leaf. Another one of Nature's 
miracles is the bouquet of leaves coming 
from one of the big four-parted terminal 
buds, which is made up of four scales, two 
of which are longer and narrower than the 
others. Within the bud each little leaflet 
is folded like a sheet of paper lengthwise, 
and folded with the other leaflets like the 
leaves of a book; and when they first ap- 
pear they look like tiny, scrawny birds' 
claws. But it is not merely one pair of 
leaves that comes from this bud, but many, 



each pair being set on a twig opposite and 
at right angles to the next pair on either 
side. Even as many as five pairs of these 
splendid compound leaves may come 
from this one prolific bud. As they push 
out, the green stem of the new wood 
grows, thus spacing the pairs properly for 
the making of beautiful foliage. 

LESSON 181 
ASH TREES 

LEADING THOUGHT The ashes are 
among our most valuable timber trees; the 
white ash is one of the most beautiful and 
useful of them all. It does not make for- 
ests, but it grows in them, and its wood 
is of great value for many things. 

METHOD The pupils should all see 
the tree where it grows. The questions 
may be given to them for their field note- 
books. The lesson may begin in the fall 
and be continued in the spring. 

OBSERVATIONS i . What is there about 
the bark of the ash tree which distin- 
guishes it from other trees? Where does 
the white ash grow? What is the height 
and thickness of the ash tree you are 
studying? 

2. The ash leaf is a compound leaf; of 
how many leaflets is it composed? What 
is the texture and shape of the leaflets? 
Describe the veins. Do the leaflets have 
petioles (petiolules)? Are the edges of the 
leaflets toothed? Which of the leaflets is 
largest? Which smallest? Is the petiole 
swollen at the base? How are the leaves 
arranged on the twigs? How does this dis- 
tinguish the ashes from all our other trees 
which have compound leaves? How do 
the hickories have their leaves arranged? 
What color is the ash foliage in autumn? 

3. Describe the seeds of the ash and the 
way they are arranged on their stems. 
Where are they placed on the tree? How 
long do they cling? How does the snow 
help to scatter them? 

4. When does the white ash blossom? 
Are the pistillate and staminate flowers 
together or separate? Find and describe 
them. 

5. What are our uses for ash timber? 



TREES 



661 



For what are the saplings used? How did 
the Indians use the white ash? Write a 
theme on all the interesting things you 
can find about the ash trees. 

6. How many species of the ash trees 
do you know? 

I care not how men trace their ancestry, 
To ape or Adam; let them please their 

whim; 

But I in June am midway to believe 
A tree among my far progenitors, 



Such sympathy is mine with all the race. 
Such mutual recognition vaguely sweet 
There is between us. Surely there are 

times 
When they consent to own me of their 

Icin, 

And condescend to me and call me cousin, 
Murmuring faint lullabies of eldest time, 
Forgotten, and yet dumbly felt with thrills 
Moving the lips, though fruitless of the 

words. 
" UNDER THE WILLOWS/' LOWELL 



THE APPLE TREE 

As the apple tree among the trees of the wood, so is my beloved among the sons. 
I sat down under his shadow with great delight, and his fruit was sweet to my taste. 

" THE SONG OF SOLOMON " 



An old-fashioned orchard is always a de- 
light to those of us who love the pictur- 
esque. The venerable apple tree with its 
great twisted and gnarled branches, rear- 
ing aloft its rounded head, and casting its 
shadow on the green turf below, is a pic- 
ture well worthy of the artist's brush. And 
that is the kind of orchard I should always 
have, because it suits me, just as it does 
bluebirds, downies, and chickadees, as a 
place to live in. However, if I wished to 
make money by selling apples, I should 
need to have an orchard of comparatively 
young trees, which should be straight and 
well pruned, and the ground beneath them 
well cultivated; for there are few plants 
that respond more generously to cultiva- 
tion than does the apple tree. In such an 
orchard, a few annual crops might be 
grown while the trees were young, and 
each year there should be planted in Au- 
gust or September the seed of crimson 
clover or of some other good cover crop. 
This would grow so as to protect the 
ground from washing during the heavy 
rains and thaws of fall and winter, and in 
the spring it would be plowed under to 
add more humus to the soil. 

The apple originally came from south- 
western Asia and the neighboring parts of 
Europe, but it has been cultivated so long 



that we have no accounts of how it began. 
The prehistoric lake dwellers of Switzer- 
land ate this fruit. In this country the ap- 
ple thrives best on clay loam, although it 
grows on a great variety of soils; where 
wheat and corn grow, there will the apple 
grow also. In general, the shape of the 
apple-tree head is rounded or broadly py- 
ramidal; however, this differs somewhat 
with varieties. The trunk is short and 
rather stocky, the bark is a beautiful soft 




A Baldwin apple tree 



662 



PLANTS 




Verne Morton 



Apple tree in winter 

gray and is decidedly scaly, flaking off in 
pieces which are more or less quadrangu- 
lar. The wood is very fine-grained and 
heavy. On this account for many years it 
was used for wood engraving and is also 
a favorite wood for wood carving; it makes 
an excellent fuel. The spray is fine, and 
while at the tips of the limbs it may be 
drooping or horizontal, it often grows 
erect along the upper sides of the limbs, 
each shoot looking as if it were deter- 
mined to be a tree in itself. The leaves 
are oval ? with toothed edges and long peti- 
oles. When the leaves first appear each 
has two stipules at its base. The shape of 
the apple leaves depends to some extent 
upon the variety of the apple. 

It has long been the practice not to 
depend upon the seeds for reproducing 
a variety; for, since insects do such a large 



work in pollinating the apple flowers, it 
would be quite difficult to be sure that a 
seed would not be a result of a cross be- 
tween two varieties. Therefore, the mat- 
ter is made certain by the process of graft- 
ing or budding. There are several modes 
of grafting; one in common use is the 
cleft-graft. A scion, which is a twig bear- 
ing several buds, is cut from a tree of the 
desired variety, and its lower end is cut 
wedge-shaped. The branch of the tree to 
be grafted is cut off across and split down 
through the end to the depth of about 
two inches; the wedge-shaped end of the 
scion is pressed into this cleft, so that its 
bark will come in contact with the inner 
edge of the bark on one side of the cleft 
branch. The reason for this is that the 
growing part of the tree is the cambium 
layer, which is just inside of the bark, and 
if the cambium of the scion does not come 
in contact with the cambium of the branch 
they will not grow together. After the 
graft becomes well established, the other 
branches of the tree are cut off and the 
tree produces apples only from that part 
of it which grows from the graft. After 
the scion has been set in the stock, all of 





Cleft-grafting 

I, Cleft-graft; 2, scion for cleft -grafting; 3, 
waxed 



the graft 



TREES 



663 



the wounded parts are covered with graft- 
ing wax, which keeps in the moisture and 
keeps out disease germs. 

Budding is done on a similar principle, 
but in a different fashion. A seedling apple 
tree about a year and a half old has a 
T-shaped slit cut into its bark; into this 
suture a bud cut from a tree of the desired 
variety is inserted, and is bound in with 
yarn. The next spring this tree is cut back 
to just above the place where the bud 
was set in, and this bud shoot grows sev- 
eral feet; the next year the tree may be 
sold to the orchardist. Budding is done 
on a large scale in the nurseries, for it is 
by this method that the different varieties 
are placed on the market. 

Most varieties of apple trees should be 
set forty feet apart each way. It is possible, 
if done judiciously, to raise some small 
crops on the land with the young orchard, 
but care should be taken that they do not 
rob the trees of their share of the water 
and minerals in the soil. Some varieties 
begin to bear much sooner than others, 
even at seven years; but an orchard does 
not come into full bearing until after it 
has been planted fifteen or twenty years. 
The present practice is to prune a tree 
so that the trunk shall be short. This 
makes the picking of the fruit much easier 
and also exposes the tree less to wind and 
sun-scald. 





Shield-budding 

1, The T-shaped slit and the bud ; 2, the bud set in th, 
slit ; 3, the bud tied 



Verne Morton 



Thorn apple. In winter, the low broad form 
of this tree is quite evident 

There are certain underlying principles 
of pruning that every child should know: 
The pruning of the root cuts down the 
amount of moisture which the tree is 
able to get from the soil. The pruning of 
the top throws the food into the branches 
which are left and makes them more 
vigorous. If the buds at the tips of the 
twigs are pruned off, the food is forced 
into the side buds and into the fruit, 
which make greater growth. Thinning the 
branches allows more light to reach down 
into the tree, and gives greater vigor to 
the branches which are left. A limb should 
be pruned off smoothly where it joins the 
larger limb, and no stump should be left 
projecting; the wound should be painted 
so as not to allow fungus spores to enter. 

We should not forget that we have a 
native apple, which we know as the thorn 



66 4 



PLANTS 



apple. Its low, broad head in winter makes 
a picturesque point along the fences; 
its fine, thick spray, spread horizontally, 
makes a fit framework for the bridal bou- 
quet which will grow upon it in June; 
and it is scarcely less beautiful in autumn, 
when covered with the little, red apples 
called " haws." Though we may refrain 
from eating these native apples, which 
consist of a bit of sweet pulp around 
large seeds, the codling moth finds them 
most acceptable. 

SUGGESTED READING The Apple Tree, 
by Liberty Hyde Bailey; Nature and Sci- 
ence Readers, by Edith M. Patch and Har- 
rison E. Howe, Book 4, Through Four 
Seasons; OUT Plant Friends and Foes, by 
William A. DuPuy; also, readings on 
page 622. 

LESSON 182 
THE APPLE TREE 

LEADING THOUGHT The tree of each 
variety of apple has its own characteristic 
shape, although all apple trees belong to 
one general type. If apple trees of a cer- 
tain variety are desired, they can be pro- 
duced by budding or grafting; trees grown 
from apple seeds do not produce apples of 
the same variety as those of the parent 
tree. 

METHOD A visit to a large, well-grown 
orchard in spring or autumn will aid in 
making this work interesting. Any apple 
tree near at hand may be used for the 
lesson. 

OBSERVATIONS i . How tall is the 
largest apple tree you know? What variety 
is it? How old is it? How can you dis- 
tinguish old apple trees from young ones 
at a glance? 

2. Choose a tree for study: How thick 
is its trunk? What is the shape of its head? 
Does the trunk divide into large branches 
or does it extend up through the center 
of the head? 

3. What sort of bark has it? What is 
the color of the bark? 

4. Does the spray stand erect or is it 
gnarled and querly? Does the spray grow 
simply at the ends of the branches or 
along the sides of the branches? 



5. Are the leaves borne at the tip of 
the spray? Are the leaves opposite or al- 
ternate? Describe or sketch an apple leaf. 
Does it have stipules at its base when it 
first appears? 

6. What is the character of apple-tree 
wood? What is it used for? 

7. Did this tree come from a seed borne 
in an apple of the same variety which it 
produces? What is the purpose of grafting 
a tree? What is a scion? How and why 
do we choose a scion? How do we prepare 
a branch to receive the scion? If you 
should place the scion at the center of 
the branch would it grow? Where must 
it be placed in order to grow? How do 
we protect the cut end of the branch after 
it is grafted? Why? 

8. What is meant by the term " bud- 
ding"? What is the difference between 
grafting and budding? Describe the proc- 
ess of budding. 

9. Where is budding done on a large 
scale? How do nurserymen know what 
special varieties of apples their nursery 
stock will bear? How old is a tree when 
it is budded? How old when it is sold to 
the orchardist? 

10. Why should the soil around apple 
trees be tilled? Is this the practice in the 
best-paying orchards? 

11. What is often used as a cover crop 
in orchards? When is this planted? For 
what purpose? 

12. How far apart should apple trees 
be set? How may the land be utilized 
while the trees are growing? At what age 
does an apple tree usually come into bear- 
ing? 

13. Is the practice now to allow an 
apple tree to grow tall? Why is an apple 
tree with a short trunk better than one 
with a long trunk? 

14. What does it do to a tree to prune 
its roots? What does it do to a tree to 
prune its branches? 

15. How does it affect a tree to prune 
the buds at the tips of the twigs? 

16. How does it affect a tree to thin 
the branches? Describe how a limb should 
be primed and how the wound thus made 
should be treated. Why? 



TREES 



66; 



HOW AN APPLE GROWS 



An apple tree in full blossom is a beau- 
tiful sight. If we try to analyze its beauty 
we find that on the tip of each twig there 
is a cluster of blossoms, and set around 
them, as in a conventional bouquet, are 
the pale, soft, downy leaves. These leaves 
and blossoms come from the terminal win- 
ter buds, which are protected during win- 
ter by little scales which are more or less 
downy. With the bursting of the bud, 
these scales fall off, each one leaving its 
mark crosswise on the twig, marking the 
end of the year's growth; these little 
ridges close together and in groups mark 
the winters which the twig has experi- 
enced, and thus reveal its age. 

Varieties of apples differ in whether the 
blossoms or the leaves push out first; the 
season may cause a like difference. The 
white, downy leaves at first have two nar- 
row stipules at the base of their petioles. 
They are soft, whitish, and fuzzy, as are 
also 'the flower stem and the calyx, which 
holds fast in its slender, pointed lobes the 
globular flower bud. We speak of the lobes 
of the calyx because they are joined at the 
base, and are not entirely separate as are 
sepals. The basal part of the calyx is cup- 
shaped, and upon its rim are set the large, 
oval petals, each narrowing to a slender 
stem at its base. The petals are set be- 
tween the sepals or lobes of the calyx, the 
latter appearing as a beautiful, pale green, 
five-pointed star at the bottom of the 
flower. The petals are pink on the outside 
and white on the inside, and are veined 
from base to edge like a leaf; they are 
crumpled more than are the cherry petals. 

The many pale, greenish white stamens 
of different lengths and heights stand up 
like a column at the center of the flower. 
They are tipped with pale yellow anthers, 
and 'are attached to the rim of the calyx- 
cup. They are really attached m ten differ- 
ent grdup% but this is not easy txpee. 

';Tpbc, fite pale gjeen styles are very silky 
and downy "and "are* tipped ""with green 
stigmas. The pistils all unite at their bases 



making a five4obed, compound ovary. 
The upper part of this ovary may be seen 
above the calyx-cup, but the lower por- 
tion is grown fast to it and is hidden 
within it. The calyx-cup is what develops 
into the pulp of the apple, and each of 




Verne Morton 



Apple blossoms 



these pistils becomes one of the five cells 
in the apple core. If one of the stigmas 
does not receive pollen, its ovary will de- 
velop no seed; this often makes the apple 
lopsided. When the petals first fall, the 
calyx lobes are spread wide apart; later 
they close in toward the center, making a 
tube. To note exactly the time of this 
change is important, since the time of 
spraying for the codling moth is before 
the calyx lobes close. These lobes may be 
seen in any ripe apple as five little, wrin- 
kled scales at the blossom end; within 
them may be seen the dried and wrin- 
kled stamens, and within the circle of 
stamens, the sere and blackened styles. 
There may be five or six, or even more 



666 



PLANTS 




Verne Morton 



Peach blossoms 



blossoms developed from one winter bud, 
and there may be as many leaves encircling 
them, forming a bouquet at the tip of 
the twig. However, rarely more than two 
of these blossoms develop into fruit, and 
the fruit is much better when only one 
blossom of the bouquet produces an apple; 
if a tree bears too many apples it cannot 
perfect them. 

The blossoms and fruit are usually at 
the end of the twigs and spurs of the apple 
tree; and only rarely do they grow along 
the sides of the branches as do those of the 
cherry and the peach. However, there are 
many buds which produce only leaves; 
and just at the side and below the spur, 
where the apple is borne, a bud is devel- 
oped, which pushes on and continues the 
growth of the twig, and will in turn be a 
spur and bear blossoms the following year. 

LESSON 183 
How AN APPLE GROWS 

LEADING THOUGHT - The purpose of 
the apple blossom is to produce apples 
which shall contain seeds to grow into 
more apple trees. 

METHOD This lesson should begin 
with the apple blossoms in the spring and 



should continue, with occasional observa- 
tions, until the apples are well grown. If 
this is not possible, the blossom may be 
studied, and directly afterward the apple 
may be observed carefully, noting its re- 
lation to the blossom. 

OBSERVATIONS i . How are the apple 
buds protected in the winter? As the buds 
open what becomes of the protecting 
scales? Can you see the scars left by the 
scales after they have fallen? How does 
this help us to tell the age of a twig or 
branch? 

2. As the winter buds open, which ap- 
pear first the flowers or the leaves? Do 
they both come from the same bud? Do 
all the buds produce both flowers and 
leaves? 

3. Study the bud of the apple blossom. 
Describe its stem; its stipules; its calyx. 
What is the shape and position of the 
lobes or sepals of the calyx? Why do we 
usually call them the " lobes of the calyx " 
instead of sepals? 

4. Sketch or describe an open apple 
blossom. How many petals? What is their 
shape and arrangement? Can you see the 
calyx lobes between the petals as you look 
down into the blossom? What sort 
of figure do they make? Are the petals 
usually cup-shaped? What is their 
color outside and inside? Why do the 
buds seem so pink and the blossoms so 
white? 

5. How many stamens are there? Are 
they all of the same length? What is the 




Verne Mortem 



Pear blossom$ 



TREES 



color of the filaments and anthers? On 
what are they set? 

6. How many pistils do you see? How 
many stigmas are there? Are the ovaries 
united? Are they attached to the calyx? 

7. Describe the young leaves as they 
appear around the blossoms. What is their 
color? Have they any stipules? Why do 
they make the flowers look like a bouquet? 

8. After the petals fall, what parts of 
the blossom remain? What part develops 
into the apple? Does this part enclose the 
ovaries of the pistils? How can you tell 
in the ripe apple if any stigma failed to 
receive pollen? 

9. What is the position of the calyx 
lobes directly after the petals fall? Do they 
change later? How does this affect spray- 
ing for the codling moth? 

10. Watch an apple develop; look at 
it once a week and tell what parts of the 
blossom remain with the apple. 

11. How many blossoms come from 
one winter bud? How many leaves? Do 
the blossoms ever appear along the sides 
of the branches, as in the cherries? How 
many blossoms from a single bud develop 
into apples? 




M. V. Slingerland 



Just ready to spray. A pear and two apples 
from which the petals have already fallen, 
with calyx lobes widely spread 

12. Since the apple is developed on the 
tip of the twig, how does the twig keep 
on growing? 

13. Compare the apple with the pear, 
the plum, the cherry, and the peach in 
the following particulars: position on the 
twigs; number of petals; number and color 
of stamens; number of pistils; whether the 
pistils are attached to the calyx-cup at the 
base. 



THE APPLE 

Man fell with apples and with apples rose, 
If this be true; for we must deem the mode 
In which Sir Isaac Newton could disclose, 
Through the then unpaved stars, the turnpike road, 
A thing to counterbalance human woes. 



BYRON 



Apples seem to have played a very im- 
portant part in human history, and from 
the first had much effect upon human 
destiny, judging from the trouble that en- 
sued both to Adam and to Helen of Troy 
from meddling, even though indirectly, 
with this much esteemed fruit. It is surely 
no more than just to humanity shut 
out from the Garden of Eden that the 
apple should have led Sir Isaac Newton 
to discover the law which holds us in 
the universe; and that, in these later cen- 
turies, apples have been developed so 



beautiful and so luscious as almost to 
reconcile us to the closing of the gates 
of Paradise. 

While it is true that no two apples 
were ever exactly alike, any more than 
any two leaves, yet their shapes are often 
very characteristic of the varieties. From 
the big, round Baldwin to the cone- 
shaped gillyflower, each has its own pe- 
culiar form, and also its own colors and 
markings and its own texture and flavor. 
Some have tough skins, others bruise read- 
ily even with careful handling; but to all 



668 



PLANTS 



kinds, the skin is an armor against those 
ever-present foes, the fungus spores, myri- 
ads of which are floating in the air ready 
to enter the smallest breach, and by their 
growth bring about decay. Even the tip 
of a branch or twig swayed by the wind 
may bruise an apple and cause it to rot; 





1, Apple cut along core; 2, Apple cut across 
core showing the five carpels and the ten 
outer core lines 

a, cavity; b, basin; c, calyx lobes; d, calyx-tube with 
withered stamens attached ; e, carpels ; f , outer core lines, 
terminating at a point where stamens are attached ; g, 
fibers extending from, stem to basin 



windfalls are always bruised and will not 
keep. Greater care in packing, wrapping, 
picking, and storing, so as to avoid contact 
with other apples, is a paying investment 
of labor to the apple grower. 

The cavities at the stem and basin ends 
of the fruit are also likely to have, in the 
same variety, a likeness in their depth or 
shallowness, and thus prove a help in 
identifying an apple. At the blossom or 
basin end of the fruit may be seen five 
scales, which are all that remain of the 
calyx lobes which enclosed the blossom; 
and within them are the withered and 
shrunken stamens and styles. 

When the fruit is cut, we see that the 
inner parts differ as much in the different 
varieties as do the outer parts. Some have 
large cores, others small. The carpels, or 
seed cells, are five in number, and when 
the fruit is cut across through the center 
these carpels show as a pretty, five-pointed 
star; in them the seeds lie, all pointing 
toward the stem. Some apples have both 
seeds and carpels smooth and shining, 
while in others they are tufted with a 
soft, fuzzy outgrowth. The number of 
seeds in each cell varies; quite often the 



number is two. If a carpel is empty, 
the apple is often lopsided, and this sig- 
nifies that the stigma of that ovary re- 
ceived no pollen. The apple seed is oval, 
plump, and pointed, with an outer shell, 
and a delicate inner skin covering the 
white meat; this separates readily into two 
parts, between which, at the point, may 
be seen the germ. The entire core, with 
the pulp immediately surrounding the 
seed cells, is marked off from the rest of 
the pulp by the core lines, faint in some 
varieties but distinct in others. In our 
native crab apples this separation is 
so complete that, when the fruit is ripe, 
the core may be plucked out leaving a 
globular cavity at the center of the 
apple. 

Extending from the stem to the basin, 
through the center of the apple, is a 
bundle of fibers, five in number, each at- 
tached to the inner edge of a carpel, or 
seed box. Other bundles of fibers pass 
through the flesh about halfway between 
the core and the skin. Delicate as they 
are, so that no one observes them in eat- 
ing the fruit, they show clearly as a second 
core line, and each terminates at a point 
in the calyx-tube where the stamens were 
attached as can be easily seen by dissect- 
ing an apple. In transverse section, these 
show as ten faint dots placed opposite 
each outer point and inner angle of the 
star at the center formed by the carpels. 
Sometimes the seeds are very close to the 
stem, and the apple is said to have a sessile 
core; if at the center of the fruit, it has a 
medium core; if nearest to the blossom 
end, it has a distant core. This position of 
the core marks different varieties. 

Apples, even of the same variety, differ 
much in yield and quality according to 
the soil and climate in which they grow. 
Varieties of apples are constantly chang- 
ing; new varieties are introduced and older 
varieties are discarded. The Baldwin is 
still the leading variety in New York State 
but it has a distinct downward trend in 
the newer plantings. Northern Spy and 
Rhode Island Greening are still holding 
their Own. In the plantings of recent years, 
Mclntosh and Corfland have been most 



TREES 



669 



popular; it is only a question of time un- 
til the Mclntosh will lead in New York 
State. 

Too often in passing through the coun- 
try, we see neglected and unprofitable 
orchards, with soil untilled, the trees un- 
pruned and scale-infested, yielding scanty 
fruit, fit only for the cider mill and the 
vinegar barrel. This kind of orchard must 
pass away and give place to the new horti- 
culture. 

LESSON 184 
THE APPLE 

LEADING THOUGHT The apple is a 
nutritious fruit, wholesome and easily di- 
gested. The varieties of apple differ in 
shape, size, color, texture, and flavor. A 
perfect apple has no bruise upon it and 
no wormholes in it. 

METHOD Typical blossoms of differ- 
ent varieties of apples should be brought 
into the schoolroom, where the pupils 
may closely observe and make notes about 
their appearance. Each pupil should have 
one or two apples that may be cut in 
vertical and transverse sections, so that the 
pulp, core lines, carpels, and seeds may be 
observed. After this lesson there should 
be an apple exhibit, and the pupils should 
be taught how to score the apples accord- 
ing to size, shape, color, flavor, and tex- 
ture. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Sketch the shape of 
your apple. Is it almost spherical, or flat- 
tened, or long and egg-shaped, or with 
unequal tapering sides? How does the 
shape of the apple help in determining its 
variety? 

2. What is the color of the skin? Is it 
varied by streaks, freckles, or blotches? 
Has it one blushing cheek, the rest being 
of a different color? 

3. Is the stem thick and fleshy, or short 
and knobby, or slender and woody and 
long? Does each variety have a character- 
istic stem? 

4. Is the cavity or depression where the 
stem grew narrow and deep like a tunnel, 
or shallow like a saucer? 

5. Examine the blossom end, or basin. 



What is its shape? Can you find within 
it the remnants of the calyx lobes, the 
stamens, and the pistils of the flower? 

6. Wliat is the texture of the skin of 
the apple? Is it thin, tough, waxy, or oily? 
Has it a bloom that may be rubbed off? 
From what sort of injury does the skin 
protect the apple? 

EXPERIMENT i. Take three apples of 
equal soundness and peel one of them; 
place them on a shelf. Place one of the un- 
peeled apples against the peeled one, and 
the other a little distance from it. Does the 
peeled apple begin to rot before the other 
two? Does the unpeeled apple touching 
the peeled one begin to decay first at the 
point of contact? 

EXPERIMENT 2. Take an apple with a 
smooth, unblemished skin and vaccinate 
it with some juice from an apple that has 
begun to decay; perform the operation 
with a pin or needle, pricking first the 
unsound fruit and then the sound one; 
this may be done in patterns around the 
apple or with the initials of the operator's 
name. Where does this apple begin to de- 
cay? What should these two experiments 
teach us about the care and storage of 
fruit? 

7. Cut an apple through its center from 
stem to blossom end. Describe the color, 
texture, and taste of the pulp. Is it coarse 
or fine-grained? Crisp or smooth? Juicy 
or dry and mealy? Sweet or sour? Does 
it exhale a fragrance or have a spicy 
flavor? 

8. Is the flesh immediately surrounding 
the core separated from the rest of the 
pulp by a line more or less distinct? This 
is called the core line and differs in size 
and outline in different varieties. Can you 
find any connection between the stem 
and blossom ends and the core? Can you 
see the fibrous threads which connect 
them? 

9. Cut an apple transversely across the 
middle. In what shape are the seed cells 
arranged in the center? Do the carpels 
or seed cells, vary in shape in different 
varieties? Are they closed, or do they all 
open into a common cavity? Can you see, 
between the core lines and the skin, faint 



6yo 



PLANTS 



little dots? Count, and tell how they are 
arranged in relation to the star formed by 
the core. 

10. The stiff, parchment-like walls of 
the seed cells are called carpels. How many 
of these does the apple contain? Do all 
apples have the same number of carpels? 
Are the carpels of all varieties smooth and 
glossy, or velvety? How many seeds do 
you find in a carpel? Do they lie with 
the points toward the stem end or the 
blossom end of the apple? Where are 
they attached to the apple? Describe the 



apple seed its outer and inner coat and 
its " meat." 

11. Is the core at the center of the 
apple, or is it nearer to the stem end or 
to the blossom end of the fruit? Are all 
apples alike in this particular? 

12. Describe fully all the varieties of 
apples which you know, giving the aver- 
age size, texture, and color of the skin ? the 
shape of the cavities at the stem and blos- 
som ends, the color, texture, and flavor of 
the pulp, and the position within the apple 
of the core. 



THE PINE 



None other of our native trees is more 
beautiful than the pine. In the East, we 
have the white pine with its fine-tasselled 
foliage, growing often one hundred and 
fifty to two hundred feet in height and 
reaching an age of from two to three hun- 
dred years. On the Pacific coast, the splen- 
did sugar pine lifts its straight trunk from 
two to three hundred feet in height; and 
although the trunk may be from six to ten 
feet in diameter yet it looks slender, so tall 
is the tree. A sugar pine cone on my desk 
measures twenty-two inches in length and 
weighs almost one pound, although it is 
dried and emptied of seed. 

There is something majestic about the 
pines, which even the most unimpression- 
able feel. Their dark foliage outlined 
against wintry skies appeals to the imagi- 
nation, and well it may, for it represents 
an ancient tree costume. The pines are 
among the most ancient of trees, and were 
the contemporaries of those plants which 
were put to sleep, during the Devonian 
age, in the coal beds. It is because the 
pines and the other evergreens belong es- 
sentially to earlier ages, when the climate 
was far different from that of today, that 
they do not shed their leaves like the 
more recent, deciduous trees. They stand 
among us, representatives of an ancient 
race, and wrap their green foliage about 
them as an Indian sachem does his blan- 
ket, in calm disregard of modern fashion 
of attire, 



All cone-bearing trees have typically a 
central stem from which the branches 
come off in whorls, but so many things 
have happened to the old pine trees that 
the evidence of the whorls is not very 
plain; the young trees show this method 
of growth clearly, the white pine having 
five branches in each whorl. Sometimes 
pines are seen which have two or three 
stems near the top; but this is a story of 
injury to the tree and its later victory. 

The very tip of the central stem in the 
evergreens is called " the leader/' because 
it leads the growth of the tree upward; it 
stretches up from the center of the whorl 
of last year's young branches, and there at 
its tip are the buds which produce this 
year's branches. There is a little beetle 
which appears to be possessed of evil, for 
it seems to like best of all to lay its eggs 
in the very tip of this leader; the grub, after 
hatching, feeds upon the bud and bores 
down into the shoot, killing it. Then 
comes the question of which branch of 
the upper whorl shall rise up and take the 
place of the dead leader; but this is an 
election which we know less about than 
we do of those resulting from our blanket 
ballots. We do know that one branch of 
this upper whorl arises and continues the 
growth of the tree. Sometimes there are 
two candidates for this position, and they 
each make such a good struggle for the 
place that the tree grows on with two 
stems instead of one and sometimes 



TREES 



with even three. This evil insect injures 
the leaders of other conifers also, but 
these are less likely to allow two competi- 
tors to take the place of the dead leader. 
The lower branches of many of the 
pines come off almost at right angles from 
the bole; the foliage is borne above the 
branches, which gives the pines a very 
different appearance from that of other 
trees. The foliage of most of the pines is 
dark green, looking almost black in win- 
ter; the pitch pine has the foliage yellow- 




G. F. Morgan 



Austrian pine in blossom showing staminate 
flowers 



,,.._ ,...?**^pl?t:.^?':i 
















Verne Morton 



White pine in Winter 



ish green, and the white pine, bluish 
green; each species has its own peculiar 
shade. There is great variation in the color 
and form of the bark of different species. 
The white pine has nearly smooth bark on 
the young trees, but on the older ones it 
has ridges that are rather broad, flat, and 
scaly, separated by shallow sutures, while 
the pitch pine has its bark in scales like 
the covering of a giant alligator. 

The foliage of the pine consists of pine 
needles set in little bundles on raised 
points which look like little brackets along 
the twigs. When the pine needles are 
young, the bundle is enclosed in a sheath 
making the twig look as if it were cov- 
ered with pinfeathers. In many of the spe- 
cies this sheath remains, encasing the base 
of the bundle of needles; but in the 
white pine it is shed early. The number 
of leaves in the bundle helps us to deter- 
mine the species of the tree; the white 
pine has five needles in each bunch, the 
pitch pine has three, while the Austrian 
pine has two. There is a great difference 
in the length and the color of the needles 
of different species of pine. Those of the 
white pine are soft, delicate, and pliable, 
and from three to four inches in length; 
the needles of the pitch pine are stiff and 
coarse and about the same length; the 



6 ? 2 



PLANTS 




G. F. Morgan 

Austrian pine, staminate blossoms and empty 
cones 

white pine needles are triangular in sec- 
tion, and are set so as to form distinct 
tassels, while those of the Austrian pine 
simply clothe the ends of the twigs. The 
needles of the pine act like the strings 
of an aeolian harp; and the wind, in pass- 
ing through the tree, sets them into vibra- 
tion, making a sighing sound which seems 
to the listener like the voice of the tree. 
Therefore, the pine is the most compan- 
ionable of all our trees and, to one who 
observes them closely, each tree has 
its own tones and whispers a different 
story. 

The appearance of the unripe cone is 
another convincing evidence that mathe- 
matics is the basis of the beautiful. The 
pattern of the overlapping scales is intri- 
cate and yet regular to appreciate it one 
needs to try to sketch it. Beneath each 
scale, when it opens wide, we find nestled 
at its base two little seeds; each provided 
with a little wing so that it can sail off 
with the wind to find a place to grow. 
The shape of the scales of the cone is an- 
other distinguishing characteristic of the 
pine, and sketching the outside of scales 
from several different species of pine 
cones will develop the pupils 7 powers of 
observation; the tip of the scale may be 
thickened or armed with a spine. 

The pine cone requires two years for 



maturing; the pistillate flower from which 
it is developed is a tiny cone with each 
scale spread wide and standing upright to 
catch the pollen for the tiny ovule nestled 
within it. The pistillate flower of the white 
pine grows near the tip of the new twig, 
and is pinkish in color. In the Austrian 
pine it is the merest pink dot at first, but 
after a little shows itself to be a true cone 
with pink-purple scales, which stand up 
very erect and make a pretty object when 
viewed through a lens; each scale is pink 
at its three-pointed tip, with pink wings 
just below, the inner portions being pale 
green. The cone is set just beside the grow- 
ing tip of the twig, is pointed upward, and 
its sheath scales are turned back like chaff 
around its base. 

In June when the new shoots of the 
pine twigs stand up like pale green candles 
on a Christmas tree, at their bases may 
be found the staminate catkins set in 
radiating whorls, making galaxies of 
golden stars against the dark green back- 
ground of foliage. In the Austrian pine, 




Ralph W. Curtis 

Young and mature cones of white pine 



TREES 



one of these pollen catkins may be an 
inch or two long and a half-inch in width; 
each little scale of this cone is an anther 
sac, filled to bursting with yellow pollen. 
From these starry pollen cones there de- 
scends a yellow shower when a breeze 
passes; for the pine trees depend upon 
the wind to sift their pollen dust into the 
lifted cups of the cone scales, which will 
close upon the treasure soon. The pollen 
grains of pine are very beautiful when 
seen through a microscope; and it seems 
almost incredible that the masses of yel- 
low dust sifted in showers from the pines 
when in blossom should be composed of 
these beautiful structures. When the pine 
forests on the shores of the Great Lakes 
are in bloom, the pollen covers the waves 
for miles out from the shores. 

If we examine the growing tips of the 
pine branches, we find the leaves look 
callow and pinfeathery. The entire leaf 
is wrapped in a smooth, shining, silken 
sheath, at the tip of which its green point 
protrudes. The sheath is tough like parch- 
ment and is cylindrical, because the pine 
needles within it are perfectly adjusted 




White pine 
Pitch pine 



Ralph W. Curtis 

Norway spruce 
Hemlock 




R. E. Horse 



White pines 



one to another in cylindrical form. The 
sheath is made up of several layers, one 
over the other, and may be pulled apart. 
The new leaves are borne on the new, pale 
green wood. 

The uses of pines are many. The lum- 
ber of many of the species, especially that 
of the white pine, is free from knots and 
is used for almost everything from house- 
building to masts for ships. In the south- 
ern states, the long-leaved pines are tapped 
for resin, which is not the sap of the tree, 
as is generally supposed. Pine sap is like 
other sap; the resin is a product of certain 
glands of the tree, and is of great use to 
it in closing wounds and thus keeping out 
the spores of destructive fungi. It is this 
effort of the tree to heal its wounds that 
makes it pour resin into the cuts made 




U. S. Geological Survey, G. K. Gilbert 

Yellow pine on the brink of the Little Yose- 
mite Valley 




PLANTS 



Leonard K. Beyer 

Seminole boy in a cypress dugout, Everglades, 
Florida 

by the turpentine gatherers. This resin 
is taken to a distillery, where the turpen- 
tine is given off as a vapor and condensed 
in a coiled tube which is kept cold. What 
is left is known as u rosin." 

SUGGESTED READING First Studies of 
Plant Life, by George F. Atkinson; Nature 
and Science Readers, by Edith M. Patch 
and Harrison E. Howe, Book 2, Outdoor 
Visits; Our Plant Friends and Foes, by 
William A. DuPuy; The Story of a Thou- 
sand- Year Pine, by Enos A. Mills; also, 
readings on page 622. 

LESSON 185 
THE PINE 

LEADING THOUGHT The pines are 
among our most ancient trees. Their foli- 
age is evergreen but is shed gradually. The 
pollen-bearing and the seed-producing 
flowers are separate on the tree. The seeds 
are winged and are developed in cones. 

METHOD At least one pine tree should 
be studied in the field. Any species will 
do, but the white pine is the most inter- 
esting. The Austrian pine which is com- 
monly planted in parks is a good subject. 
The leaves and cones may be studied in 
the schoolroom, each pupil having a speci- 
men. 

OBSERVATIONS i. What is the gen- 
eral shape of the pine tree? Is there one 
central stem running straight up through 
the center of the tree to the top? Do you 
find any trees where this stem is divided 



into two or three near the top? Describe 
how the pine tree grows. What is the 
" leader "? What happens if the leader is 
injured? How do the topmost branches 
of the young pine look? Do they all come 
off from the same part of the stem? How 
many are there in a whorl? 

2. What color is the bark? Is it ridged 
or in scales? 

3. Do the branches come off the main 
stem at right angles or do they lift up 
or droop down? Where is the foliage borne 
on the branches? What is the color of the 
foliage? Is the pine foliage ever shed, or 
does the pine leaf, when it comes, stay on 
as long as the tree lives? 

4. Study the pine leaves. Why are they 
called needles? Note that they grow sev- 
eral together in what we call a bundle. 
Flow many in one bundle? Is the bundle 
enclosed in a little sheath at the base? 
Are the bundles grouped to make distinct 
tassels? Study one of the needles. How 
long is it? Is it straight or curved? Flexible 
or coarse and stiff? Cut it across and exam- 
ine it with a lens. What is the outline in 
cross section? Why does the wind make 
a moaning sound in the pines? 




White-pine cone 



5. Study a pine cone. Does it grow 
near the tip of the branch or along the 
sides? Does it hang down or stand out 
stiffly? What is its length? Sketch or de- 
scribe its general shape. Note that it is 
made up of short, overlapping scales. 
What pattern do the scales make as they 
are set together? Describe or sketch one 
scale; has it a thickened tip? Is there a 
spine at the tip of the scale? 

6. Where in the cone are the seeds? 
Describe or sketch a pine seed. How long 
is its wing? How is it carried and planted? 
When the cone opens, how are the seeds 
scattered? What creatures feed upon the 
pine seed? 

7. Study the pine when in blossom, 
which is likely to be in June. This time 
is easily determined because the air around 
the tree is then filled with the yellow pol- 
len dust. Study the pollen-bearing flower. 
Is it conelike in form? Does it produce a 
great deal of pollen? If you have a micro- 
scope, look at the pollen through a high 
objective and describe it. How many of 
the pollen catkins are clustered together? 
On what part of the twigs are they borne? 



TREES 675 

Where are the pistillate flowers which are 
to form the young cones? How large are 
they and how do they look at the time the 
pollen is flying? Do they point upward or 
droop downward? Look beneath the scales 
of a little cone with a lens and see if you 
can find the flowers. What is it that car- 
ries the pine pollen to the flowers in the 
cone? 

8. Name all the uses for pine lumber 
that you know. Write an English theme 
on how turpentine is produced from pines 
and the effect of this industry upon pine 
forests. Where does resin appear on the 
pine? Of what use is it to the tree? Do 
you think it is pine sap? What is the differ- 
ence between resin and rosin? 

9. How long do the pine trees live? 
Write a story of some of the changes that 

" have taken place in your neighborhood 
since the pine tree which you have been 
studying was planted. 

10. Make the following drawings: a 
bundle of pine needles showing the 
sheath and its attachment to the twig; the 
cone; the cone scale; the seed. Sketch a 
pine tree. 



THE NORWAY SPRUCE 



The Norway spruce is a native of Eu- 
rope, and we find it in America one of 
the most satisfactory of all spruces for 
ornamental planting; it lifts its slender 
cone from almost every park and private 
estate in our country, and is easily distin- 
guished from all other evergreens by the 
drooping, pendant habit of its twigs, 
which seem to hang down from the 
straight, uplifted branches. We have 
spruces of our own the black, the white, 
and the red spruces; and it will add much 
to the interest of this lesson for the pupils 
to read in the tree and forestry books con- 
cerning these American species. Chewing 
gum and spruce beer are the products of 
the black and red spruce of our eastern 
forests. The Douglas spruce, which is a 
fir and not a spruce, is also commonly 
planted as an ornamental tree, but it is 



only at its best on the Pacific Coast, where 
it is one of the most magnificent of trees. 
The Norway spruce tree is in form 
a beautiful cone, slanting from its slen- 
der tip to the ground, on which its 
lower drooping branches rest; the upper 
branches come off at a narrower angle 
from the sturdy central stem than do the 
widespreading lower branches. On the 
older trees, the twigs hang like pendulous 
fringes from the branches, enabling them 
to shed the snow more readily a pecu- 
liarity which is of much use to the tree, 
because it is a native of the snowy north- 
ern countries of Europe and also grows 
successfully in the high altitudes of the 
Alps and other mountains. If we stroke a 
spruce branch toward the tip, the hand 
slides smoothly over it; but brush back- 
ward from the tip, and the hand is pricked 




PLANTS 



Norway spruce 

by hundreds of the sharp, bayonet-pointed 
leaves; this arrangement permits the snow 
to slide off. 

If we examine a twig of the present 
year's growth, we can see on every side 
of its brown stem the pointed leaves, each 
growing from a short ridge; but the leaves 
on the lower side stretch out sidewise, 
and those above lift up angularly. Per- 
haps the twig of last year's growth has 
shed its leaves which grew on the under- 
side and thus failed to reach the sun. The 
leaf of the spruce is curved, stiff, and four- 
sided, and ends in a sharp point. It is 
dark yellowish above and lighter beneath 
and is set stiffly on the twig. The winter 
buds for next year's growth may be seen 
at the tips of the twigs, covered with little, 
recurved, brown scales quite flower-like 
in form. In the balsam fir, which is often 
planted with the Norway spruce, these 
buds are varnished. 

The cones are borne on the tips of the 
branches and hang down. In color they 
are pale wood-brown; they are from four 
to six inches long, and are very conspicu- 



ous. They are made up of broad scales 
that are thin toward the notched tips; they 
are set around the central stem in spirals 
of five rows. If we follow one spiral around 
marking it with a winding string, it will 
prove to be the fifth row above the place 
where we started. These manifold spirals 
can be seen sometimes by looking into the 
tip end of a cone. The cone has much 
resin on it, and is a very safe place for 
seeds; but when it begins to open, squir- 
rels impatiently tear it to pieces, harvest- 
ing the seeds and leaving a pile of cone 
scales beneath the tree to tell of their 
piracy. 

A Norway spruce in blossom is a beauti- 
ful sight; the little, wine-red pistillate 
cones are lifted upwards from the tips of 
the twigs, while short terminal branches 
are laden with the pollen-bearing catkins, 
which are soft and caterpillarish, growing 
on soft, white stems from the base of 
scales which enclosed and protected them 
during the winter; these catkins are filled 
with the yellow dust. The young cones 
continue to stand upright after the scales 
have closed on the pollen which has been 
sifted by the wind to the ovules at the 
base of the scales; and for some time they 
remain most ornamentally purplish red. 
Before the cone is heavy enough to bend 
from its own weight, it turns around and 
downward, and then changes its color to 
green, ripening into brown in the fall. 

The Norway spruce grows on the Alps 




G. F. Morgan 

Staminate blossoms and young cone of a Nor- 
way spruce 



TREES 



677 



abundantly, and like the youth with the tree should be observed by all of the pu- 
banner, "excelsior" is its motto; this ap- pils ? and- they should bring in twigs and 
pears even in its scientific name (Picea ex- cones for study in the schoolroom. The 
celsa ) . Here it grows to the height of one 
hundred to one hundred and fifty feet. Its 
wood is valuable and its pitch is marketed. 
In this country, it is used chiefly for orna- 
mental planting and for windbreaks. 

SUGGESTED READING Nature and Sci- 
ence Readers, by Edith M. Patch and 
Harrison E. Howe, Book 5, Science at 
Home; also, readings on page 622. 

LESSON 186 
THE NORWAY SPRUCE 

LEADING THOUGHT The Norway 
spruce is one of the most valuable of the 
trees which have come to America from 
Europe. It grows naturally in high places 
and in northern countries where there is 
much snow; its drooping twigs cannot 
hold a great burden of snow, and thus it 
escapes being crushed. 

METHOD This lesson should begin in 
the autumn when the cones are ripe. The 




r 




L. H, Bailey 



Cones of Norway spruce 



Cyrus Crosby 

A cone of Norway spruce, showing that the 
spiral of the scales is in rows of five 

lesson should be taken up again in May 
when the trees are in blossom. 

OBSERVATIONS i . What is the gen- 
eral shape of the tree? Do the lower 
branches come off at the same angle as the 
upper? If untrimmed, what can you see of 
the trunk? Do the lower branches rest 
upon the ground? What advantage would 
this be to the tree in winter? Do the twigs 
stand out, or droop from the branches? Of 
what advantage is this in case of heavy 
snow? What is the color of the foliage? 
Where did the Norway spruce come 
from? 

2. What is the color of the twig? How 
are the leaves set upon it? Are there more 
leaves on the upper than on the under 
side of the twigs of this year's growth? Of 
last year's growth? Brush your hand along 
a branch toward the tip. Do the leaves 
prick? Brush from the tip backward. Is the 
result the same? Why is this angle of the 
leaves to the twig a benefit during snow- 
storms? 

3. Take a single leaf. What is its shape? 
How many sides has it? Is it soft or stiff? Is 
it sharp at the tip? Describe the buds 
which are forming for next year's growth. 
Look along the twigs and see if you can 



6y8 



PLANTS 



discover the scales of the bud which pro- 
duced last year's growth. 

4. Where are the cones borne? How 
long does it take a cone to grow? Is it 
heavy? Is there resin on it? Note that the 
scales are set in a spiral around the center 
of the cone. Wind a string around a cone 
following the same row of scales. How 
many rows between those marked with a 
string? Look into the tip of a cone and 
see the spiral arrangement. Sketch and de- 
scribe a cone scale, paying special atten- 
tion to the shape of the tip. Try to tear a 
cone apart. Is this easily done? Hang a 
closed cone in a dry place and note what 
happens. 

5. Describe the seed, its wings, and 
where it is placed at the base of the scale. 
How many seeds under each scale? When 
do the cones open of themselves to scat- 
ter the seed? Do you observe squirrels tear- 
ing these apart to get the seed? 

6. The Norway spruce blossoms in 
May. Find the little flower which will pro- 
duce the cone, and describe it. What color 
is it? Is it upright or hanging down? Do 
the scales turn toward the tip or back- 
ward? Why is this? Where are the pollen 
catkins borne? How many of them arise 
from the same place on the twig? Can you 
see the little scales at the base of each 
pistillate catkin? What are they? Are they 
very full of pollen? Do the insects carry 
the pollen for the Norway spruce, or does 
the wind sift it over the pistillate blos- 
soms? After the pollen is shed, note if the 
scales of the young cones close up. How 
long before the cones begin to droop? 

7. What use do we make of the Nor- 
way spruce? What is it used for in Eu- 
rope? 



All outward wisdom yields to that within, 
Whereof nor creed nor canon holds the 
key; 

We only feel that we have ever been 
And evermore shall be. 

And thus I Jhiow, by memories unfurled 
In rarer moods, and many a nameless 

sign, 
That once in Time, and somewhere in the 

world, 
I was a towering pine. 

Rooted upon a cape that overhung 
The entrance to a mountain gorge; 
whereon 

The wintry shade of a pealc was flung, 
Long after rise of sun. 

There did I dutch the granite with firm 

feet, 

There shake rny boughs above the roar- 
ing gulf, 
When mountain whirlwinds through the 

passes beat, 
And howled the mountain wolf. 

There did I louder sing than all the floods 
Whirled in white foam adown the prec- 
ipice, 
And the sharp sleet that stung the naked 

woods, 
Answer with sullen hiss. 

I held the eagle till the mountain mist 
Rolled from the azure paths lie came to 

soar, 

And like a hunter, on my gnarled wrist 
The dappled falcon bore. 
From " THE SPIRIT OF THE PINE," 
BAYARD TAYLOR 



TREES 



679 



THE HEMLOCK 

O'er lonely lakes that wild and nameless lie. 
Black, shaggy, vast and still as Barca's sands 
A hemlock forest stands. Oh forest like a pall/ 
Oh hemlock of the wild, Oh brother of my soul, 
I love thy mantle black, thy shaggy bole, 
Thy form grotesque, thy spreading arms of steel. 



PATTEE 



In its prime, the hemlock is a magnifi- 
cent tree. It reaches the height of from 
sixty to one hundred feet and is cone- 
shaped. Its fine, dense foliage and droop- 
ing branches give it an appearance of ex- 
quisite delicacy; and I have yet to see else- 
where such graceful tree-spires as are the 
hemlocks of the Sierras, albeit they have 
bending tips. However, an old hemlock 
becomes very ragged and rugged in appear- 
ance; and dying, it rears its wind-broken 
branches against the sky, a gaunt figure of 
stark loneliness. 

The hemlock branches are seldom 
broken by snow; they droop to let the bur- 
den slide off. The bark is reddish, or some- 
times gray, and is furrowed into wide, 
scaly ridges. The foliage is a rich dark 
green, but whitish when seen from below. 
The leaves of the hemlock are really ar- 
ranged in a spiral, but this is hard to dem- 
onstrate. They look as though they were 
arranged in double rows along each side of 
the little twig; but they are not in the 
same plane and there is usually a row of 
short leaves on the upper side of the twig. 
The leaf is blunt at the tip and has a lit- 
tle petiole of its own which distinguishes 
it from the leaves of any other species of 
conifer; it is dark, glossy green above, pale 
green beneath, marked with two white, 
lengthwise lines. In June ? the tip of every 
twig grows and puts forth new leaves 
which are greenish yellow in color, mak- 
ing the tree very beautiful and giving it 
the appearance of blossoming. The leaves 
are shed during the third year. The hem- 
lock cones are small and are borne on the 
tips of the twigs. The seeds are borne 
two beneath each scale, and they have 



wings nearly as large as the scale itself. 
Squirrels are so fond of them that proba- 
bly but few have an opportunity to try 
their wings. The cones mature in one year, 
and usually fall in the spring. The hem- 
lock blossoms in May; the pistillate flow- 




:J 

Ralph W. Curtis 

Hemlock branch showing young and mature 



cones 



ers are very difficult to observe, as they are 
tiny and greenish and are placed at the tip 
of the twig. The pollen-bearing flowers are 
little, yellowish balls on delicate, short 
stems, borne along the sides of the twig. 

Hemlock bark is rich in tannin and is 
used in great quantities for the tanning of 
leather. The timber, which is coarse- 
grained, is stiff and is used in framing 
buildings and for railroad ties; nails and 
spikes driven into it cling with great te- 
nacity and the wood does not split in nail- 
ing. Oil distilled from the leaves of hem- 
lock is used as an antiseptic. 

The dense foliage of the hemlock offers 
a shelter to birds of all kinds in winter; 
even the partridges roost in the young 
trees. These young trees often have 
branches drooping to the ground, making 



68o 



PLANTS 



an evergreen tent which forms a winter 
harbor for mice and other beasties. The 
seed-eating birds which remain with us 
during the winter feed upon the seeds; 
and as the cones grow on the tips of the 
delicate twigs, the red squirrels display 
their utmost powers as acrobats when 
gathering this, their favorite food. 
SUGGESTED READING Page 622. 

LESSON 187 
THE HEMLOCK 

LEADING THOUGHT This is one of the 
most common and useful and beautiful of 
our evergreen trees. Its fine foliage makes 
it an efficient winter shelter for birds. 

METHOD Ask the children the ques- 
tions and have them make notes on the 
hemlock trees of the neighborhood. The 
study of the leaves and the cones may be 
made in the schoolroom. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where does the 
hemlock tree grow in your neighborhood? 
What is the general shape of the tree? 
What sort of bark has it? How tall does it 
grow? How are its branches arranged to 
shed the snow? 

2. What is the color of the foliage? 
How are the leaves arranged on the twigs? 



Are all the leaves of about the same size? 
What is the position of the smaller leaves? 

3. Break off a leaf and describe its 
shape; its petiole. Does the leaf of any 
other evergreen have a petiole? What is 
the color and marking of the hemlock leaf 
above? Below? At what time of year are 
the new leaves developed? How does the 
hemlock tree look at this time? Does the 
hemlock ever shed its leaves? 

4. Are the hemlock cones borne on the 
tip of the twigs or along the side? How 
long does it take a cone to mature? When 
does it fall? How many scales has it? 
Where are the seeds borne? How many 
seeds beneath each scale? Describe and 
sketch a hemlock seed. How are the seeds 
scattered? Study the tree in May, and see 
if you can find the blossom. 

5. Make drawings of the following: the 
hemlock twig, showing the arrangement 
of the leaves; single leaf, enlarged; cone; 
cone scale; seed. 

6. What creatures feed upon the hem- 
lock seed? What birds find protection in 
the hemlock foliage in winter? 

7. For what purposes is hemlock bark 
used? What is the timber good for? Is a 
nail easily pulled out from a hemlock 
board? 



THE DOGWOOD 

Through cloud rifts the sunlight is streaming in floods to far depths of the wood, 
Retouching tlie velvet-leafed dogwood to crimson as vital as blood. 



There is no prettier story among the 
flowers than that of the bracts of the dog- 
wood, and it is a subject for investigation 
which any child can work out for himself. 
I shall never forget the thrill of triumph 
I experienced when I discovered for my- 
self the cause of the mysterious dark notch 
at the tip of each great white bract, which 
I had for years idly noticed. One day my 
curiosity mastered my inertia, and I 
hunted a tree over for a flower bud, for it 
was rather late in the season; finally I was 
rewarded by finding the bracts in all stages 
of development. 



The flowering dogwood forms its buds 
during the summer, and of course they 
must have winter protection. They are 
wrapped in four close-clasping, purplish 
brown scales, one pair inside and one pair 
outside, both thick and well fitted to pro- 
tect the bunch of tiny flower buds at their 
center. But when spring comes, these bud 
scales change their duties, and by rapid 
growth become four beautiful white or 

inkish bracts which we call the dogwood 
ower. For months these bracts cover the 
true flowers which are at their center and 
then display them to an admiring world. 



TREES 



681 



The artistic eye loves the little notch at 
the tip of the bracts, even before it has 
read in it the story of winter protection, 
of which it is an evidence. 

The study of the flowers at the center is 
more interesting if aided by a lens. Within 
each blossom can be seen its tube, set in 
the four-lobed calyx. It has four slender 
petals curled back, its four chubby, green- 
ish yellow anthers set on filaments which 
lift them up between the petals; and at 
the center of all is the tiny green pistil. 




Dogwood 



Hugh Spencer 



There may be twenty, more or less, of 
these perfect flowers in this tiny, greenish 
yellow bunch at the center of the four 
great, flaring bracts. These flowers do not 
open simultaneously, and the yellow buds 
and open flowers are mingled together in 
the rosette. The calyx shows better on the 
bud than on the open flower. It might be 
well to explain to the pupils that a bract is 
simply a leaf in some other business than 
that ordinarily performed by leaves. 

The twigs have a beautiful, smooth 
bark, purplish brown above and greenish 
below. The flowers grow at the tips of the 
twigs; and the young leaves are just below 
the flowers and also at the tips of the 
twigs. These twigs are spread and bent in 
a peculiar way, so that each white flower- 
head may be seen by the admiring world 



and not be hidden behind any of its neigh- 
bors. This habit makes this tree a favorite 
for planting, since it forms a mass of 
white bloom. 

The dogwood banners unfurl before the 
flowers at their hearts open, and they re- 




Blossom and bud of dogwood enlarged 

main after the last flower has received 
within itself the vital pollen which will 
enable it to mature into a beautiful berry. 
This long period of bloom is another qual- 
ity which adds to the value of the dog- 
wood as an ornamental tree. At the time 
the bracts fall, the curly petals also fall 
out leaving the little calyx-tubes standing 
with style and stigma projecting from 
their centers, making them look like a 
bunch of lilliputian churns with dashers. 
In autumn, the foliage turns to a rich, 
purplish crimson a most satisfying 
color. 




Charles E. Mohr 



Dwarf cornel or bunchberry a dwarf dog- 
wood 



682 



PLANTS 



During the winter, the flowering dog- 
wood, which renders our forests so beau- 
tiful in early spring, may be readily recog- 
nized by its bark, which is broken up into 
small scales and mottled like the skin of 




The -flower buds of the dogwood are formed 
during the previous season 

a serpent; and on the tips of its branches 
are the beautiful clusters of red berries, or 
speaking more exactly, drupes. This fruit 
is oval, with a brilliant, shining, red, pulpy 
covering which must be attractive to 
birds. At its tip it has a little purple 
crown, in the center of which may be seen 
the remnant of the style, but this attrac- 
tive outside covers a seed with a very thick, 
hard shell, which is quite indigestible and 
fully able to protect, even from the attack 
of the digestive juices of the bird's stom- 
ach, the tender white kernel within it, 
which includes the stored food and the 
embryo. There are in the North other 
common species of dogwood which have 
dark blue fruit. 
SUGGESTED READING Page 622. 

LESSON 188 
THE DOGWOOD 

LEADING THOUGHT The real petals 
of the dogwood are not the chief means 
of attracting insects to its flowers. The 



showy portions are really bracts and not 
the true flower. 

METHOD Observe a branch of the 
dogwood when it is in flower. The branch 
should have upon it some flowers that are 
unopened. Study the flower first, and ask 
the pupils to discover for themselves why 
the great white bracts have a notch in the 
tip. A lens is a great help to the interest 
in studying these tiny flowers. 

OBSERVATIONS i . What is there at 
the center of the group of bracts? How do 
the parts at the center look? Are they 
of the same shape? Are some opened and 
others not? Can you see how many petals 
this tiny flower has? Describe its calyx. 
How many stamens has it? Can you see 
the pistil? If a flower has a calyx and sta- 
mens and a pistil, has it not all that a 
flower needs? 

2. How many of these flowers are there 
at the center of what is often called the 
dogwood "blossom"? What color are 
they? Would they show off much if it 
were not for the great white banners 
around them? Do we not think of these 
great white bracts as the dogwood flower? 

3. Study one of these banners. What is 
its shape? Are the four white bracts the 
same shape and size? Make a sketch of 
these four bracts with the bunch of flow- 
ers at the center. What is there peculiar 
about each one of these white bracts? 
Find one of the flower-heads which is not 
yet opened and watch it develop into a 
small flower. 

4. Sketch the bracts from below. Is one 
pair wider than the other? Is the wider 
pair inside or outside? 

5. Where are the flowers of the dog- 
wood borne? How are the twigs arranged 
so as to unfurl all the banners and not 
hide one behind another, so that the 
whole tree is a mass of white? 

6. While studying the flowers, study 
where the young leaves come from. Can 
you still see the scales which protected the 
leaf buds? 

7. What kind of fruit develops from 
the dogwood blossoms? What colors are 
its leaves in autumn? 



TREES 



683 



THE VELVET OR STAGHORN SUMAC 

The sumacs with flame leaves at half-mast, lilce wildfire spread over the glade; 
Above them, the crows on frayed pinions move northward in ragged parade. 

The sumacs, in early autumn, form a 
" firing line " along the borders of wood- 
lands and fences, before any other plant 
but the Virginia creeper lias taken on 
brighter colors. No other leaves can emu- 
late the burning scarlet of their hues. The 
sumacs are a glory to our hills; and some- 
time, when Americans have time to culti- 
vate a true artistic sense, these shrubs will 
play an important part in landscape gar- 
dening. They are beautiful in summer, 
when each crimson " bob " (a homely 
New England name for the fruit panicle) 
is set at the center of the bouquet of 
spreading, fernlike leaves. In winter naked- 
ness they are most picturesque, with their 
broadly branching twigs bearing aloft the 
wine-colored pompons against the back- 
ground of snow; at this time and in early 
spring when more desirable food is lack- 
ing, the birds eat the pleasantly acid 
drupes. In spring, they put out their soft 
leaves in exquisite shades of pale pinkish 
green, and when in blossom their stami- 
nate panicles of greenish white cover 
them with loose pyramids of delicate 
bloom. 

Well may it be called velvet sumac, for 
this year's growth of wood and the leaf 
stems are covered with fine hairs, pinkish 
at first, but soon white; if we slip our fin- 
gers down a branch, we can tell, even with- 
out looking, where last year's growth be- 
gan and ended, because of the velvety feel, 
The name staghorn sumac is just as fit- 
ting, for its upper branches spread widely 
like a stag's horns and, like them, the new 
growth is covered with velvet. 

The leaves are borne on the new wood, 
and therefore at the ends of branches; 
they are alternate; the petiole broadens 
where it clasps the branch, making a 
nursery for the next year's bud, which is 
nestled below it. The leaves are com- 
pound and the number of leaflets varies 




Sumac 



Verne Morton 



from eleven to thirty-one. Each leaflet 
is set close to the midrib, with a base that 
is not symmetrical; the leaflets have their 
edges toothed, and are long and narrow; 
they do not spread out on either side of 
the' midrib like a fern, but naturally droop 
somewhat, and thus conceal their under- 
sides, which are much lighter in color. 
The leaflets are not always set exactly 




PLANTS 



Verne Morton 

The staghorn sumac 

opposite; the basal ones are bent back 
toward the main stem, making a fold in 
the base of each. The end leaflets are not 
always three, symmetrically set., but some- 
times are two and sometimes one, with 
two basal lobes. 

The wine-colored " bob " is cone- 
shaped 7 but with a bunchy surface. Re- 
move all the drupes from it and note its 
framework of tiny branches, and again 
pay admiring tribute to nature's way of 
doing up compact packages. Each fruit is 
a drupe, as is also the cherry. A drupe is 
merely a seed within a fleshy layer, all be- 
ing enclosed in a firmer outside covering; 
here, the outside case is covered with dark 
red fuzz, a clothing of furs for winter, the 
fur standing out in all directions. The 
fleshy part around the seed has a pleas- 
antly acid taste, and one of my childhood 
diversions was to share these fruits in win- 
ter with the birds. I probably inadver- 
tently ate also many a little six-footed 
brother hidden away for winter safe-keep- 
ing, for every sumac panicle is a crowded 
insect tenement. 

It is only in its winter aspect that we can 
see the peculiar way of the sumac's 
branching, which is in picturesque zigzags, 
ending with coarse, widespreading twigs. 
Each terminal twig was a stem for trie 
bouquet of blossom and fruit set about 
with graceful leaves, but in the winter, 
after the leaves have fallen, the coarse 
branching is very noticeable. The wood 
of the sumac has a pith, and is coarse in 
texture. 



During late May the new growth starts 
near the end of last year's twig; the buds 
are yellowish and show off against the 
dark gray twigs. From the center of these 
buds comes the fuzzy new growth, which 
is usually reddish purple; the tiny leaves 
are folded, each leaflet creased at its mid- 
rib and folded tightly against itself; as the 
leaves unfold, they are olive-green tinted 
with red, and look like tassels coming out 
around the old dark red " bob/' When the 
sumacs are in blossom, we see in every 
group of them two kinds; one with pyra- 
mids of white flowers, and the other with 
pinkish callow bobs. The structure of 
these two different flower-clusters is really 
the same, except that the white ones are 
looser and more widely spread. Each 
flower of the white panicle is staminate, 
and has five greenish, somewhat hairy 
sepals and five yellowish white petals, at 
the center of which are five large anthers. 




a, Pistillate flower from a " bob!' b } Stami- 
nate flower from the greenish panicle 

A flower from the bob is quite different; 
it has the five hairy sepals alternating with 
five narrow, yellowish white petals, both 
clasping the globular base or ovary, which 
is now quite covered with pinkish plush, 
and bears at its tip the three styles flaring 
into stigmas. 

The velvet sumac is larger than the 
smooth species (Rhus glabra), and is 
easily distinguished from it, since the new 
wood of the latter is smooth and covered 
with bloom but is not at all velvety. The 
poison sumac (page 514), dangerous to 
many people when handled, is a swamp 
species and its fruit is a loose, drooping 
panicle of whitish berries, very much like 
that of poison ivy; therefore, any sumac 



that has the red bob is not dangerous. The 
poison species has the edges of its leaflets 
entire and each leaflet has a distinct peti- 
ole of its own where it joins the midrib. 

There is much tannin in sumac and it is 
used extensively to tan leather. The bobs 
are used for coloring a certain shade of 
brown. The famous Japanese lacquer is 
made from the juice of a species of 
sumac. 

LESSON 189 
THE VELVET OR STAGHORN SUMAC 

LEADING THOUGHT The sumac is a 
beautiful shrub in summer because of its 
fernlike leaves; it is picturesque in winter, 
and its colors in autumn are most bril- 
liant. Its dark red fruit clusters remain 
upon it during the entire winter. In June 
it shows two kinds of blossoms on dif- 
ferent shrubs; one is whitish and bears the 
Eollen, the other is reddish and is a pistil- 
ite flower, later developing into the seed 
on the " bob/ 7 or fruit cluster. 

METHOD Begin this study in Octo- 
ber when the beautiful autumn color of 
the leaves attracts the eye. Observations to 
be made in the field should be outlined 
and should be answered in the field note- 
books. The study of the fruit and leaf may 
be made in the schoolroom, and an in- 
terest should be developed which will lead 
to the study of the interesting flowers the 
following spring. The sumacs in autumn 
make a beautiful subject for water-color 
sketches, and their peculiar method of 
branching with their dark red seed clus- 
ters or bobs makes them excellent subjects 
for winter sketching. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Why is this called 
the velvet sumac? Why is it called the 
staghorn sumac? Look at the stems with 
a lens and describe the velvet. Can you 
tell this year's wood by the velvet? Is there 
any velvet on last year's wood? Is there any 
on the wood below? What is there pecul- 
iar in the appearance of last year's wood? 
What are the colors of the hairs that 
make the velvet on this year's growth? On 
last year's growth? What is the color of 
this year's growth under the velvet? 
Where are the leaves borne? 



TREES 685 

2. Look at the leaves. How many come 
off the stem between two, one of which 
is above the other? Is the midrib velvety? 
What is its color at base and at tip? What 
is the shape of the petiole where it joins 
the stem? Remove the leaf. What do you 
find hidden and protected by its broad 
base? 

3. How many leaflets are there on the 
longest leaf which you can find? How 
many on the shortest? Do the leaflets have 
little petioles, or are they set close to the 
midrib? How does the basal pair differ 
from the others? Are the leaflets the same 
color above as below? Are the pairs set 
exactly opposite each other? Look at the 
three leaflets at the tips of several leaves 
and see if they are all regular in form. 
Draw a leaflet, showing its base, its veins, 
and its margin. Draw an entire leaf, and 
color it as accurately as possible. 

4. Study the fruit. Pick one of the bobs 
and note its general shape. Is it smooth or 
bunchy? Sketch it. Remove one of the lit- 
tle bunches and find out why it is of that 
shape. Remove all of the seeds from one 
of last year's bobs and see how the fruit 
is borne. Sketch a part of such a bare stem. 

5. Take a single fruit; look at it through 
a lens and describe it. What are the colors? 
Cut or pare away the flesh, and describe 
the seed. What birds live on the sumac 
seeds in winter? How many kinds of in- 
sects can you find wintering in the bob? 
Find a fruit free from insects and taste 
it. 

WINTER WORK 6. Study the sumac 
after the leaves have fallen and sketch it. 
What is there peculiar in its branching? 
Of what use to the plant is its method of 
branching? Break a branch and look at the 
end. Is there a pith? What color are the 
wood and pith? 

MAY OR JUNE WORK 7. Where on 
the branch does the new growth start? 
How are the tiny leaves folded? Look over 
a group of sumacs and see if their blos- 
soms all look alike. Are the different 
kinds of blossoms found on the same 
tree or on different trees? Take one 
uf the white pyramidal blossom clusters; 
look at one of these flowers with a lens 



686 



PLANTS 



and describe its sepals and petals. How 
many anthers has it and where are they? 
This is a pollen-bearing flower and has no 
pistil. How are its tiny staminate flowers 
arranged on the stem to give the beautiful 
pyramid shape? This kind of flower clus- 
ter is called a panicle. 

8. Take one of the green bobs and see 
if it is made up of little round flowers. 
Through a lens study one of these. How 
many sepals? How many petals? Describe 
the middle of the flower around which 
the petals and sepals clasp. Is this the 
ovary, or seed box? Can you see the stig- 



mas protruding beyond it? What insects 
visit these flowers? 

9. How can you tell the velvet or stag- 
horn sumac from the smooth sumac? How 
can you tell both of these from the poison 
sumac? 

10. To what uses are the sumacs put? 

I see the partridges feed quite exten- 
sively upon the sumach berries, at my old 
house. They come to them after every 
snow, making fresh tracks, and have now 
stripped many bushes quite bare. 

THOREAU'S JOURNAL, Feb. 4, 1856 



THE WITCH HAZEL 

In the dusky, somber woodland, thwarting vistas dull and cold, 
Thrown in vivid constellations, gleam the hazel stars of gold, 
Gracious gift of wealth untold. 

Hazel blossoms brightly glowing through the forests dark and drear, 
Work sweet miracles, bestowing gladness on the dying year, 
Joy of life in woods grown sere. 



Witch hazel is not only a most inter- 
esting shrub in itself, but it has connected 
with it many legends. From its forked 
twigs were made the divining rods by 
which hidden springs of water or mines of 
precious metals were found, as it was 
firmly believed that the twig would turn 
in the hand when the one who held it 
passed over the spring or mine. At the 
present day, its fresh leaves and twigs are 
used in large quantities for the distilling 
of the healing extract so much in demand 
as a remedy for cuts and bruises and for 
chapped or sunburned skins. It is said that 
the Oneida Indians first taught the white 
people concerning its medicinal qualities. 

The witch hazel is a large shrub, usually 
from six to twelve feet high, although un- 
der very advantageous circumstances it 
has been known to take a treelike form 
and attain a height of more than twenty 
feet. Its bark is very dark grayish brown, 
smooth, specked with little dots, which 
are the lenticels, or breathing-pores. If 
the season's growth has been rapid, the 



new twigs are lighter in color, but when 
stunted by drouth or poor soil, the new 
growth has a tint similar to the old. The 
wood is white, very tough and fibrous, 
with a pith or heartwood of softer sub- 
stance and yellow in color. The leaves 
are alternate, and the leaf buds appear 
at the tips of the season's twigs, while the 
blossoms grow at the axils of the leaves. 
The witch-hazel leaf is nearly as broad 
as it is long, bluntly pointed at its tip, 
with a stem generally less than one-half 
inch in length. The sides are unequal in 
size and shape, and the edges are roughly 
scalloped. The veins are almost straight, 
and are depressed on the upper side but 
very prominent beneath, and they are 
lighter in color than the rest of the leaf. 
Witch-hazel leaves are likely to be apart- 
ment houses for insects, especially the 
insects that make galls. Of these there 
are many species, each making a differ- 
ently shaped galL One of the most com- 
mon is a gall shaped like a little horn or 
spur on the upper side of the leaf and hav- 



ing a tiny door opening on the underside 
of the leaf. If one of these snug little 
homes is torn open, it will be found occu- 
pied by a community of little aphids, or 
plant lice. 

The witch-hazel blossoms appear at the 
axil of a leaf or immediately above the scar 
from which a leaf has fallen, the season 
of bloom being so late that often the bush 
is bare of leaves and is clothed only with 
the yellow, fringelike flowers. Usually the 
flowers are in clusters of three, but occa- 
sionally four or five can be found on the 
same very short stem. The calyx is four- 
lobed, the petals are four in number, 
shaped like tiny, yellow ribbons, about 
one-half inch long and not much wider 
than a coarse thread. In the bud, these 
petals are rolled inward in a close spiral, 
like a watch spring, and are coiled so 
tightly that each bud is a solid little ball 
no larger than a bird shot. There are four 
stamens lying between the petals, and be- 
tween each two of these stamens is a lit- 
tle scale just opposite the petal. The an- 
thers are most interesting. Each has two 



TREES 687 

little doors which fly open, as if by magic 
springs, and throw out the pollen which 
clings to them. The pistil has two stig- 





Ralph W. Curtis 

Blossoms, leaves, and fruits oj witch hazel 



Leaves, fruits, and blossoms of witch hazeL 
Various types of galls, and the work oj miners 
can be seen on the leaves 

mas, which are joined above the two- 
celled ovary within which the seeds de- 
velop. The blossoms sometimes open in 
late September, but the greater number 
appear in October and November. They 
are more beautiful in November after the 
leaves have fallen, since these yellow, 
starry flowers seem to bring light and 
warmth into the landscape. After the pet- 
als fall, the calyx forms a beautiful little 
urn, holding the growing fruit. 

The nuts seem to require a sharp frost 
to separate the closely joined parts; it re- 
quires a complete year to mature them. 
One of these nuts is about half an inch 
long and is covered with a velvety green 
outer husk, until it turns brown; cutting 
through it discloses a yellowish white 
inner shell, which is as hard as bone; 
within this are the two brown seeds each 
ornamented with a white dot; note par- 
ticularly that these seeds lie in close-fitting 
cells. The fruit, if looked at when the husk 
is opening, bears an odd resemblance to a 
grotesque monkey-like face with staring 



688 



PLANTS 



eyes. Frosty nights will open the husks, 
and the dry warmth of sunny days or of 
the heated schoolroom will cause the 
edges of the cups which hold the seeds to 




1, A queer little face witch-hazel nut 
ready to shoot its seeds. 2, Enlarged flower 
of witch hazel showing the long petals 

p, with dotted line, the pistil; an, anther; o, anther 
with doors open ; c, lobes of calyx ; sc, scale opposite the 
base of petal 

curve inward with such force as to send 
the seeds many feet away; ordinarily they 
are thrown from ten to twenty feet, but 
Hamilton Gibson records one actual 
measurement of forty-five feet. The chil- 
dren should note that the surface of the 
seeds is very polished and smooth, and the 
way they are discharged may be likened to 
that by which an orange seed is shot from 
between the fingers. 

LESSON 190 
THE WITCH HAZEL 

LEADING THOUGHT The witch hazel 
blossoms during the autumn, and thus 
adds beauty to the landscape. It has an in- 
teresting mechanism by which its seeds 
are shot for a distance of many feet. 

METHOD This lesson divides natu- 
rally into two parts; a study of the way the 
seeds are distributed is fitted for the pri- 
mary grades, and a study of the flower for 
more advanced grades. For the primary 
grades the lesson should begin by the gath- 
ering of the twigs which bear the fruit. 
These should be brought to the school- 



room there to await results. Soon the 
seeds will be popping all over the school- 
room, and then the question as to how 
this is done, and why, may be made the 
topic of the lesson. For the study of the 
flower and the shrub itself, the work 
should begin in October when the blos- 
soms are still in bud. As they expand they 
may be studied, a lens being necessary for 
observing the interesting little doors to 
the anthers. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Is the witch hazel 
a shrub or a tree? 

2. What is the color of the bark? Is it 
thick or thin, rough or smooth, dark or 
light, or marked with dots or lines? Is 
there any difference in color between the 
older wood and the young twigs? Is the 
wood tough or brittle? Dark or light in 
color? 

3. Do the leaves grow opposite each 
other or alternate? On what part of the 
plant do the leaf buds grow? 

4. What is the general shape of the 




G. F. Morgan 

Flowers and fruit of witch hazel 



TREES 



689 



leaf? Is it more pointed at the base or at 
the tip? Are the leaves regular in form, or 
larger on one side than the other? Are the 
edges entire, toothed, or wavy? Are the 
petioles short or long? Are the veins 
straight or branching? Are they promi- 
nent? Are the leaves of the same color on 
both sides? 

5. Are there many queerly shaped little 
swellings on the leaf above and below? 
See how many of these you can find. Tell 
what you think they are. 

6. Do the flowers grow singly or in clus- 
ters? What is the shape and color of the 
petals, and how many of them are there 
in each blossom? Describe the calyx. If 
there are any flower buds just opening, 
observe and describe the way the petals 
are folded within them. 

7. How many stamens? With a lens 
observe the way the two little doors to the 
anther fly open; how is the pollen thrown 



out? What is the shape of the pistil? How 
many stigmas? 

8. Does each individual flower have a 
stem or is there a common stem for a clus- 
ter of blossoms? Do the flowers grow at 
the tips or along the sides of the twigs? 
When do the witch-hazel flowers appear 
and how long do they last? 

9. Make a drawing of a witch-hazel nut 
before it opens. What is the color of the 
outer husk when ripe? Cut into a closed 
nut and observe the extreme hardness and 
strength of the inner shell. 

10. Where are the seeds situated? Can 
you see that the shell, when partially 
open, ready to throw out the seeds, re- 
sembles a queer little face? Describe the 
color and marking of the seeds; are 
they rough or smooth? How far have you 
known the witch hazel to throw its seeds? 
Study the nut and try to discover how it 
throws the seeds so far. 



THE MOUNTAIN LAUREL 



As a child I never doubted that the 
laurel wreaths of Grecian heroes were 
made from mountain laurel, and I sup- 
posed, of course, that the flowers were 
used also. My vision was of a hero crowned 
with huge wreaths of laurel bouquets, 
which I thought so beautiful. It was a 
shock to exchange this sumptuous head- 
gear of my dreams for a plain wreath of 
leaves from the green bay tree. 

However, the mountain laurel leaf is 
evergreen and beautiful enough to crown 
a victor; in color it is a rich, lustrous green 
above, with a yellow midrib, the lower 
side being of a much lighter color. In 
shape, the leaf is long, narrow, pointed at 
each end and smooth-edged, with a rather 
short petiole. The leaves each year grow 
on the new wood, which is greenish and 
rough, in contrast with the old wood, 
which is rich brownish red. The leaves are 
arranged below the flower-cluster, so that 
they make a shining green base for this 
natural bouquet. 

The flowers grow on the tips of the 




Mountain laurel 



W. C. Muenscher 



690 PLANTS 

branching twigs, which are huddled to- 
gether in a manner that brings into a mass 
many flowers. I have counted seventy-five 
of them in a single bunch; the youngest 




Diagram of flower of laurel 

p f pocket ; st, stamen 

flowers grow nearest the tip of the twig. 
The blossom stems are pink, and afford a 
rich background for the starry open flow- 
ers and knobby closed buds. The bud of 
the laurel blossom is very pretty and re- 
sembles a bit of rose-colored pottery; it 
has a five-sided, pyramidal top, and at the 
base of the pyramid are ten little but- 
tresses which flare out from the calyx. The 
calyx is five-lobed ? each lobe being green 
at the base and pink at the point. Each 
one of the ten little buttresses or ridges 
is a groove in which a stamen is growing, 
as we may see by looking into an opening 
flower; each anther is " headed " toward 
the pocket which ends the groove. The 
filament lengthens and shoves the anther 
into the pocket, and then keeps on grow- 
ing until it forms a bow-shaped spring, like 
a sapling with the top bent to the ground. 
The opening flower is saucer-like, pinkish 
white, and in form is a five-pointed star. At 
the bottom of the saucer a ten-pointed 
star is outlined in crimson; and bowed 
above this crimson ring are the ten white 
filaments with their red-brown anthers 
stuffed cozily into the pockets, one pocket 
at the center of each lobe, and one half- 
way between; each pocket is marked with 
a splash of crimson with spotty edges. 
From the center of the flower projects the 
stigma, far from and above the pollen 
pockets. 

Each laurel flower is thus set with ten 



spring-traps; a moth or bee, seeking the 
nectar at the center of the flower, is sure 
to touch one or all of these bent filaments. 
As soon as one is touched, up it springs 
and slings its pollen hard at the intruder. 
The pollen is not simply a shower of 
powder, but is in the form of a sticky 
string, as if the grains were strung on cob- 
web silk. When liberating these springs 
with a pencil point, I have seen the pollen 
thrown a distance of thirteen inches; thus, 
if the pollen ammunition does not strike 
the bee, it may fall upon some open flower 
in the neighborhood. The anthers spring 
back after this performance and the fila- 
ments curl over each other at the center 
of the flower below the pink stigma; but 
after a few hours they straighten out and 
each empty anther is suspended above its 
own pocket. The anthers open while in 
the pocket; each one is slit open at its tip 
so that it is like the leather pocket of a 
sling. 

After the corollas fall, the long stigma 
still projects from the tip of the ripening 
ovary, and there it stays, until the capsule 
is ripe and open. The five-pointed calyx 
remains as an ornamental cup for the 
fruit. The capsule opens along five valves, 
and each section is stuffed with little, al- 
most globular seeds. 

The mountain laurel grows in woods 
and shows a preference for rocky moun- 
tain sides or sandy soil. 

Another of the common species is the 
sheep laurel, which grows in swampy 
places, especially on hillsides. The flowers 
of this are smaller and pinker than the 
mountain laurel, and are set below the 
leaves on the twig. Another species, called 
the pale or swamp laurel, has very small 
flowers, not more than half an inch in 
breadth and its leaves have rolled-back 
edges and are whitish green beneath. 
This species is found only in cold peat 
bogs and swamps. 

LESSON 191 
THE MOUNTAIN LAUREL 

LEADING THOUGHT The laurel blos- 
som is set with ten springs, and each 



TREES 



691 



spring acts as a sling in throwing pollen 
upon visiting insects, thus sprinkling the 
visitor with pollen which it carries to 
other flowers. 

METHOD Have the pupils bring to 
the schoolroom a branch of laurel which 
shows blossoms in all stages from the bud. 
Although this lesson is on the mountain 
laurel, any of the other species will do as 
well. 

OBSERVATIONS i . How are the laurel 
leaves set about the blossom clusters? 
What is the shape of the laurel leaf? 
What are its colors above and below? 
How do the leaves grow with reference 
to the flowers? Do they grow on last year's 
or this year's wood? How can you tell the 
new wood from the old? 

2. Take a blossom bud. What is its 
shape? How many sides to the pyramid- 
like tip? How many little flaring ridges 
at the base of the pyramid? Describe the 
calyx. 

3. What is the shape of the flower 
when open? How many lobes has it? 
What is its color? Where is it marked 
with red? 

4. In the open blossom, what do you 
see of the ten ridges, or keels, which you 
noticed in the bud? How does each one 
of these grooves end? What does the 
laurel blossom keep in these ten pockets? 
Touch one of the ten filaments with a 
pencil and note what happens. 

5. Take a bud scarcely open. Where 
are the stamens? Can you see the anthers? 
Take a blossom somewhat more open. 
Where are the anthers now? From these 
observations explain how the stamens 
place their anthers in the pockets. How 
do the filaments grow into bent springs? 

6. Are the anthers open when they are 
still in the pocket? Look at an anther with 
a lens and tell how many slits it has. How 
do they open? Are the pollen grains 
loose when they are thrown from the 
anther? How are they fastened together? 
Does this pollen mass stick to whatever 
it touches? 

7. What is the use to the flower of this 
arrangement for throwing pollen? What 
insects set free the stamen springs? Where 



is the nectar which the bee or moth is 
after? Can it get this nectar without set- 
ting free the springs? Touch the filaments 
with a pencil and see how far they will 
sling the pollen. 

8. Describe the pistil in the open 
flower. Is the stigma near the anthers? 
Would they be likely to throw their pol- 
len on the stigma of their own flower? 
Could they throw it on the stigmas of 
neighboring flowers? 

9. How does the fruit of the laurel 
look? Does the style still cling after the 
corolla falls? Describe the fruit capsule. 
How does it open? How do the seeds look? 
Are there many of them? 

10. Where does the mountain laurel 
grow? What kind of soil does it like? Do 
you know any other species of laurel? If 
so, are they found in the same situations 
as the mountain laurel? 

A childish gladness stays my feet, 
As through the winter woods J go 7 

Behind some frozen ledge to meet 
A kalmia shining through the snow. 

I see it, beauteous as it stood 

Ere autumn's glories paled and fled. 
And sigh no more in pensive mood, 

" My leafy oreads are all dead." 

I hear its foliage move, lilce bells 
On rosaries strung, and listening there, 




Verne Morton 

Spray of mountain laurel 



692 PLANTS 

Forget the icy wind that tells The rabbit and the snowbound bird 

Of turfless fields, and forests bare. Forget the world is white and cold. 

All gently with th* inclement scene , , .. , ., . , , , 

I feel its glossy verdure Wend; - And stJ/ ' d rui " u " d f f d ' 

I bless that lovely evergreen u Oucea arbor with the fadeless crown, 

As heart in exile hails a friend. Its bnghtness warms the frosty void, 

And softens winter s surliest frown. 

Its boughs 7 by tempest scarcely stirred, From " THE MOUNTAIN LAUREL/' 

Are tents beneath whose emerald fold THERON BROWN 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 



FERNS 



Many interesting things about ferns 
may be taught to the young child, but the 
more careful study of these plants is bet- 
ter adapted to the pupils in the higher 
grades, and is one of the wide-open doors 
that lead directly from nature-study to 
systematic science. While the pupils are 
studying the different forms in which 
ferns bear their fruit, they can make col- 
lections of all the ferns of the locality. 
Since ferns are easily pressed and are beau- 
tiful objects when mounted on white pa- 
per, the making of a fern herbarium is a 
delightful pastime; or leaf prints may be 
made which give beautiful results (see p. 
626); but better, perhaps, than either col- 
lections or prints, are pencil or water-color 
drawings with details of the fruiting or- 



gans enlarged. Not only is such a portfolio 
a thing of beauty, but the close observa- 
tion needed for drawing brings much 
knowledge to the artist. 

SUGGESTED READING - Field Book of 
Common Ferns, by Herbert Durand; 
Fields and Fencerows, by Walter P. Por- 
ter and Einar A. Hansen; First Studies of 
Plant Life, by George F. Atkinson; Guide 
to Eastern Ferns, by Edgar T. Wherry; 
How to Know the Ferns, by Frances The- 
odora Parsons; Our Ferns; Their Haunts, 
Habits and Folklore, by Willard N. Clute; 
Wild Flowers and Ferns in Their Homes 
and in Our Gardens, by Herbert Durand; 
additional references are to be found in 
the bibliography in the back of this Hand- 
book. 



THE CHRISTMAS FERN 

No shivering frond that shuns the blast sways on its slender chaffy stern; 
Full veined and lusty green it stands, of all the wintry woods the gem. 

W. N. CLUTE 



The rootstock of the fern is a humble 
example of " rising on stepping stones of 
our dead selves/ 7 this being almost literally 
true of the tree ferns. The rootstock, 
which is a stem and not a root, has ? like 
other stems, a growing tip from which, 
each year, grow beautiful green fronds and 
numerous rootlets. These graceful fronds 
rejoice the world and our eyes for the sum- 
mer, and make glad the one who, in win- 
ter, loves to wander often in the woods to 
inquire after the welfare of his many 
friends during their period of sleeping and 
waking. These fronds, after giving their 
message of winter cheer, and after the fol- 
lowing summer has made the whole wood- 
land green and the young fronds are grow- 



ing thriftily from the tip of the rootstock, 
die down; and in midsummer we can find 
the old fronds lying sere and brown, with 
broken stipes, just back of the new fern 
clump; if we examine the rootstock we can 
detect, behind those fronds, remains of 
the stems of the fronds of year before last; 
and still farther behind we may trace all 
the stems of fronds which gladdened the 
world three years ago. Thus we learn that 
this rootstock may have been creeping on 
an inch or so each season for many years. 
One of the chief differences between our 
ferns and the tree ferns of the tropics, 
which we often see in greenhouses, is that 
in the tree fern the rootstock rises in the 
air instead of creeping on, or below, the 




PLANTS 



Verne Morton 

The Christmas fern. The contracted tips of 
some of the fronds consist of fruiting pinnce 

surface of the ground. This upright root- 
stock of the tree fern also bears fronds at 
its tip, and its old fronds gradually die 
down, leaving it rough below its crown of 
green plumes. 

The Christmas fern has its green stipe, 
or petiole, and its rachis, or midrib, more 
or less covered with ragged, brownish 
scales, which give it an unkempt appear- 
ance. Its pinnae, or leaflets, are individu- 
ally very pretty; in color they are dark, 
shining green, lance-shaped", with a 
pointed lobe or ear at the base projecting 
upward. The edges of the pinnae are deli- 
cately toothed; each point is armed with 
a little spine, and the veins are fine, 
straight, and free to the margin; the lower 
pinnae often have the earlike lobe com- 
pletely severed. 

In studying a fertile fern from above, 
we notice that about a dozen pairs of the 
pinnae near the tip are narrowed and 
roughened and are more distinctly 
toothed on the margins. Examining them 
underneath, we find on each a double 
row of circular raised dots, which are the 
fruit dots, or sori; there is a row between 
the midrib and margin on each side, and 
also a double row extending up into the 
point at the base. Early in the season these 
spots look like pale blisters; later they turn 
pale brown, each blister having a depres- 



sion at its center; by the middle of June, 
masses of tiny globules, not larger than 
pinpoints, push out from beneath the 
margin of these dots. The blister-like 
membrane is simply a cover for the grow- 
ing spores, and is called the indusium; by 
July it shrivels into an irregular scroll, still 
clinging to the pinnule by its depressed 
center; and by this time the profusion of 
tiny globules covers the entire underside 
of the pinna like a brown fuzz. If we scrape 
off some of this fuzz and examine it with 
a lens, we can see that it consists of num- 
berless little globules, each with a stem 
to attach it to the leaf; these are the spore 
cases, or sporangia, each globule being 
packed full of spores which, even through 
the lens, look like yellowish powder. But 
each particle of this dust has its own struc- 
ture and contains in its heart the living 
fern-substance. 

Not all the fronds of the fern clump 
bear these fruit dots. The ones we select 
for decoration are usually the sterile 
fronds, for the fertile ones are not so 
graceful, and many uninformed people 
think the brown spore cases are a fungus. 
The Christmas fern, being evergreen and 
very firm in texture, is much used in 
holiday decoration, whence its common 
name, which is more easily remembered 
than Polystichum acrosticlioides, its real 
name. It grows best in well-shaded wood- 
lands, liking better the trees which shed 
their leaves than the evergreens. It is in- 
deed well adapted to thrive in damp, cold 
shade; it is rarely found on slopes which 




1, Fertile leaflet of Christmas fern showing 
indusia and spore cases. 2 3 An indusium and 
spore cases, enlarged. 3, A spore case, en- 
larged. 4, A spore case discharging spores, 
enlarged 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 

face the south, and full sunshine may kill 
it. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
page 693. 

LESSON 192 

THE CHRISTMAS FERN 

LEADING THOUGHT The fern has a 
creeping underground stem called the 
rootstock, which pushes forward and 
sends up fresh fronds each year. Some of 
the fronds of the Christmas fern bear 
spores on the lower surface of the ter- 
minal pinnae. 

METHOD This lesson should be given 
during the latter part of May, when the 
fruit dots are still green. Take up a fern 
and transplant it in a dish of moss in the 
schoolroom, and later plant it in some 
convenient shady place. The pupils 
should sketch the fertile frond from the 
upper side so as to fix in their minds the 
contracted pinnse of the tip; one of 
the lower pinnas should be drawn in detail, 
showing the serrate edge, the ear, and the 
venation. The teacher should use the fol- 
lowing terms constantly and insistently, 
so as to make the fern nomenclature a part 
of the school vocabulary, and thus fit the 
pupils for using fern manuals. 

A frond is all of the fern which grows 
on one stem from the rootstock; the blade 
is that portion which bears leaflets; the 



6 95 

stipe is the stem or petiole; the rachfs is 
the midrib and is a continuation of the 





Buffalo Museum of Science 

Common polypody, often mistaken for the 
Christmas fern 



Leaf print of a fern with the parts named. 
This fern is twice pinnate 

stipe; the pinna is a chief division of the 
midrib or rachis, when the fern is com- 
pound; the pinnule is a leaflet of the last 
division; the son are the fruit dots; the 
indusium is the membrane covering the 
fruiting organs; the sporangia are the tiny 
brown globules, and are the spore cases; 
the spores make up the fine dust which 
comes from the spore cases. It would be 
well to make on the blackboard a diagram 
of the fern with its parts named, so that 
the pupils may consult it while studying 
ferns. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Study a stump of 
the Christmas ferns. Are there any with- 
ered fronds? Where do they join the root- 
stock? Do the green fronds corne from the 
same place on the rootstock as the with- 
ered ones? 

2. Take a frond of the Christmas fern. 
Are the stem, or stipe, and the midrib, 
or rachis, smooth or rough? What color 
are the scales of the stalk? Do you think 
that these scales once wrapped the fern 
bud? 

3. Does each frond of a clump have the 



696 PLANTS 

same number of pinnse on each side? Can 
you find fronds where the pinnae near the 
tip are narrower than those below? Take a 
lower pinna and draw it carefully, showing 
its shape, its edges, and its veins. Is there 
a point, or ear, at the base of every pinna? 
Is it a separate lobe or a mere point of the 
pinna? 

4. Take one of the narrow pinnas near 
the tip of the frond, and examine it be- 
neath. Can you see some circular, round- 
ish, blister-like dots? Are they dented at 
the center? How many of these dots on a 
pinna? Make a little sketch showing how 
they are arranged on the pinna and on the 
little earlike point. Look at the fruiting 
pinna? of a fern during July, and describe 
how they look then. 

5. Do all the fronds of a fern clump 
have these narrowed spore-bearing pinnae? 



Do you know what those fronds are called 
that bear the fruit dots? 

6. Where do you find the Christmas 
fern growing? Do you ever find it in a 
sunny place? Why is it called the Christ- 
mas fern? 

FERN SONG 

Dance to the beat of the ram, little Fern, 

And spread out your palms again, 

And say, " Tho' the sun 

Hath my vesture spun, 

He had labored, alas, in vain, 

But for the shade 

That the Cloud hath made, 

And the gift of the Dew and the Rain." 

Then laugh and upturn 

All your fronds, little Fern, 

And re/oice in the beat of the rain/ 

JOHN B. TABB 



THE BRACKEN 



It is well for the children to study the 
animals and plants which have a world- 
wide distribution. There is something 
comforting in finding a familiar plant in 
strange countries; and when I have found 
the bracken on the coast ranges of Cali- 
fornia, on the rugged sides of the Alps, 
and in many other far places, I have al- 
ways experienced a thrill of delightful 
memories of the fence-corners of the 
homestead farm. Since the bracken is so 
widespread, it is natural that it should find 
a place in literature and popular legend. 
As it clothes the mountains of Scotland, it 
is much sung of in Scottish poetry. Many 
superstitions cluster around it its 
spores, if caught at midnight on a white 
napkin, are supposed to render the pos- 
sessor invisible. Professor Clute, in Our 
Ferns in Their Haunts, gives a delightful 
chapter about the relation of the bracken 
to people. 

For nature-study purposes, the bracken 
is valuable as a lesson on the intricate pat- 
terns of the fern leaf; it is in fact a lesson 
in pinnateness. The two lower branches 
are large and spreading, and are in them- 
selves often three times pinnate; the 
branches higher up are twice pinnate; 



while the main branch near the tip is once 
pinnate, and at the tip is merely lobed. 
The lesson, as illustrated in the diagram 
of the fern, should be well learned for fu- 
ture study, because this nomenclature is 
used in all the fern manuals. The fact that 
a pinnule is merely the last division of a 
frond, whether it be twice or thrice pin- 
nate, should also be understood. 

The bracken does not grow best in com- 
plete shade, but it becomes established in 
waste places which are not too shaded; 
it thrives especially in woodsides, and in 
fence-corners on high and cold land. As 
Professor Clute says, " It is found both in 
woodland and in the open field; its favor- 
ite haunt is neither, but is that halfway 
ground where man leaves off and nature 
begins, the copse or the thicket/' With us 
it usually grows about three feet high, but 
varies much in this respect. The great tri- 
angular fronds often measure two or three 
feet across, and are supposed to bear a like- 
ness to an eagle with spread wings. Its root- 
stock is usually too deeply embedded in 
earth for the study of any except the most 
energetic; it is about the size of a lead pen- 
cil and is black and smooth; in its way it 
is a great traveler, sending up fronds fif- 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 



697 



teen or twenty feet from its starting place. 
It also sends off branching rootstocks. 

The fruiting pinnules look as if they 
were hemmed and the edges of the hems 
embroidered with brown wool; but the 
embroidery is simply the spore cases push- 
ing out from under the folded margin 
which protected them while developing. 

Much on which to base necromancy 
has been found in the figure shown in 
the cross section of the stem or stipe. The 
letter C thus made, supposed to stand for 
Christ, is a potent protection from 
witches. But this figure has also been com- 
pared to the devil's hoof, an oak tree, or 




the initial of one's sweetheart, and all 
these imaginings have played their part in 
the lives of the people of past ages. It was 




Verne Morton 



Bracken 



1, Fruiting pinnules of the maidenhair fern, 
enlarged. 2, Fruiting pinnule of the bracken, 
enlarged. In both these species the spores are 
borne under the recurved edges of the pin- 
nules 

believed in England that burning the 
bracken from the fields brought rain; the 
roots in time of scarcity have been ground 
and mixed with flour to make bread. The 
young ferns, or crosiers, are sometimes 
cooked and eaten like asparagus. The 
fronds have been used extensively for 
tanning leather and for packing fish and 
fruit, and when burned their ashes are 
used instead of soap. 

In Europe, bracken grows so rankly that 
it is used for roof-thatching and for the 
bedding of cattle. The name "brake," 
which is loosely used for all ferns, comes 
from the word " bracken "; some people 
think that brakes are different from ferns, 
whereas this is simply a name which has 
strayed from the bracken to other species. 

SUGGESTED READING Useful Wild 
Plants of the United States and Canada, 
by Charles F. Saunders; also, readings on 
page 693. 

LESSON 193 
THE BRACKEN- 
LEADING THOUGHT The bracken is a 
fern which is found in many parts of 
the world. It is much branched and di- 
vided, and it covers the ground in masses 
where it grows. The edges of its pinnules 
are folded under to protect the spores. 
METHOD Bring to the schoolroom 
large and small specimens of the bracken, 
and after a study is made tell about the 



6 9 8 



PLANTS 



superstitions connected with this fern and 
as far as possible interest the pupils in its 
literature. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Do you find the 
bracken growing in the woods or open 
places? Do you find it in the cultivated 
fields? How high does it stand? Could you 
find the rootstock? 

2. Take a bracken frond. What is its 
general shape? Does it remind you of an 
eagle with spread wings? Look at its very 
tip. Is it pinnate or merely lobed? Can you 
find a place farther down where the leaf- 
lets, or pinnules, are not joined at their 
bases? This is once pinnate. Look farther 
down and find a pinna that is lobed at 
the tip; at the base it has distinct pin- 
nules. This is twice pinnate. Look at the 
lowest divisions of all. Can you find any 
part of this which is three times pinnate? 
Four times pinnate? Pinna means feather, 



pinnate therefore means feathered. If 3 
thing is once pinnate, it means that it 
has along each side divisions similar to a 
feather; twice pinnate means that each 
feather has little feathers along each side; 
thrice pinnate means that the little feath- 
ers have similar feathers along each side, 
and so on. 

3. Can you see whether the edges of 
the pinnules are folded under? Lift up one 
of these edges and see if you can find what 
is growing beneath it. How do these 
folded margins look during August and 
September? 

4. Cut the stem, or stipe, of a bracken 
across and see the figure in it. Does it look 
like the initial C? Or a hoof, or an oak 
tree, or another initial? 

5. Discover, if you can, the different 
uses which people of other countries find 
for this fern. 



HOW A FERN BUD UNFOLDS 




Verne Morton 

Fiddle heads or crosiers. Young ferns unfold- 
ing 



All of the parts of the frond of a fern 
are tightly folded spirally within the bud 
and every fold of every leaflet is also 
folded in a spiral. But the first glance at 
one of these little woolly spirals gives us 
but small conception of its marvelous en- 
folding. Every part of the frond is present 
in that bud, even to the fruiting organs; 
all the pinnae and the pinnules are packed 
in the smallest compass each division, 
even to the smallest pinnule, coiled in a 
spiral toward its base. These coiled fern 
buds are called crosiers; they are woolly, 
with scales instead of hairs. When the 
fern commences to grow, it stretches up 
and seems to lean over backward in its 
effort to be bigger. First the main stem, or 
rachis, loosens its coil; but before this is 
completed, the pinnae, which are coiled 
at right angles to the main stem, begin to 
unfold; a little later the pinnules, which 
are folded at right angles to the pinnae, 
loosen and seem to stretch and yawn be- 
fore taking a look at the world which they 
have just entered; it may be several days 
before all signs of the complex coiling dis- 
appear. The crosiers of the bracken are 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 



699 



queer-looking creatures, soon developing 
three claws which some people say look 
like the talons of an eagle; and so intricate 
is the action of their multitudinous spirals, 
that to watch them unfolding impresses 
one as would a miracle. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
page 693. 

LESSON 194 
How A FERN BUD UNFOLDS 

LEADING THOUGHT All of the parts 
of the frond of a fern are tightly folded 
spirally within the bud ? and every lobe 
of every leaflet is also folded in a spiral. 

METHOD The bracken crosier is a 
most illuminating object for this lesson, 
because it has so many divisions and is so 
large; it is also convenient, because it may 
be found in September. However 7 any 
fern bud will do. The lesson may be best 
given in May when the woodland ferns 
are starting. A root of a common fern 



with its buds may be brought to the 
schoolroom, where the process of unfold- 
ing may be watched at leisure. Later, the 
plant may be set out in a suitable place. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Take a very young 
bud. How does it look? Do you see any 
reason why uninformed people call these 
buds caterpillars? Can you see why they 
are popularly called " fiddle heads "? 
What is their true name? How many 
turns of the coil can you count? What is 
the covering of the crosier? How is the 
stem grooved to make the spiral com- 
pact? 

2. Take a crosier a little further ad- 
vanced. How are its pinnae folded? How is 
each pinnule of each pinna folded? How 
is each lobe of a pinnule folded? Is each 
smaller part coiled toward each larger 
part? 

3. Write in your notebook the story of 
the unfolding fern, and sketch its stages 
each day from the time it is cuddled dowr 
in a spiral until it is a fully expanded frond. 



THE FRUITING OF THE FERN 

If we were required to know the position of the fruit dots or the character of the in- 
dusium, nothing could be easier than to ascertain it; but if it is required that you be 
affected by ferns, that they amount to anything, signify anything to you, that they be 
another sacred scripture and revelation to you, help to redeem your life, this end is not 
so easily accomplished. THOREAU. 



The fern, like the butterfly, seems to 
have several this-world incarnations; and 
perhaps the most wonderful of these is the 
spore. Shake the dust out of the ripened 
fern and each particle, although too small 
for the naked eye to see, has within it the 
possibilities of developing a mass of grace- 
ful ferns. Each spore has an outside hard 
layer, and within this an atom of fern- 
substance; but it cannot be developed un- 
less it falls into some warm, damp place 
favorable for its growth; it may have to 
wait many years "before chance gives it this 
favorable condition, but It is strong and 
retains its vital power for years. There are 
cases known where spores grew after 
twenty years of waiting. But what does 
this microscopic atom grow into? It de- 



velops into a tiny heart-shaped, leaflike 
structure which botanists call the prothal- 
lium; this has on its lower side little roots 
which reach down into the soil for nour- 
ishment; and on its lower surface are two 
kinds of pockets, one round and the other 
long. In the round pockets are developed 
bodies which may be compared to the 
pollen; and in the long pockets, bodies 
which may be compared to the ovules of 
flowering plants. In the case of ferns, 
water is necessary to float the pollen from 
the round pockets to the ovules in the 
long pockets. From a germ thus fertilized 
in one of the long pockets, a little green 
fern starts to grow, although it may be 
several years before it becomes a plant 
strong enough to send up fronds with 



yoo 



PLANTS 



spore dots on them. To study the struc- 
ture of the spore requires the highest pow- 
ers of the microscope; and even the pro- 
thallium in most species is very small, 
varying from the size of a pinhead to that 
of a small pea, and it is therefore quite 




Prothallium, greatly enlarged, showing the 
two kinds of pockets and the rootlets 

difficult to find. I found some once on a 
mossy log that bridged a stream, and I 
was never so triumphant over any other 
outdoor achievement. They may be found 
in damp places or in greenhouses, but the 
teacher who is able to show her pupils 
this stage of the fern will be very for- 
tunate. The prothallium is a stage of the 
fern to be compared to the flower and seed 
combined in the higher plants; but this is 
difficult for young minds to comprehend. 
I like to tell the children that the fern, like 
a butterfly, has several stages: Beginning 
with the spore-bearing fern, we next have 
the spores, next the prothallium stage, and 
then the young fern. In the other case we 
have first the egg, then the caterpillar, 
then the chrysalis, and then the butterfly. 
Looking at the ripe fruit dots on the lower 
side of the fern leaf, we can easily see with 
a lens a mass of tiny globules; each one of 
these is a spore case, or sporangium (plu- 
ral sporangia ) , and is fastened to the leaf 
by a stalk and has, almost encircling it, a 
jointed ring. (See figure on p. 694.) 

When the spores are ripe, this ring 
straightens out and ruptures the globule, 
and out fly the spores. By scraping a little 
of the brown fuzz from a fruiting pinna of 
the Christmas fern upon a glass slide and 
placing a cover glass upon it, we find it very 
easy to examine through the microscope, 
and we are able thus to find the spore cases 



in all stages, and to see the spores dis- 
tinctly. The spore cases may also be seen 





The life of a fern 

1, a, pinna bearing fruit; b, a fruit dot, enlarged, 
showing spore cases pushing out around the edges of the 
indusium ; c, spore case, enlarged, showing how it dis- 
charges the spores. 2, Prothallium, enlarged. 3, Young 
fern growing from the prothallium 

with a hand lens, the spores seeming then 
to be mere dust. 

The different ways the ferns blanket 
their spore cases is a delightful study, and 
one which the pupils enjoy very much. 
All of our common ferns except the lit- 
tle polypody thus protect their spores. 
Whether this blanket be circular, or horse- 
shoe-shaped, or oblong, or in the form of 
pocket or cup, depends upon the genus 
to which the fern belongs. The little pro- 
tecting blanket membrane is called the 
indusium, and while its shape distin- 
guishes the genus, the position in which 
it grows determines the species. I shall 
never forget my surprise and delight when, 
as a young girl, I visited the Philadelphia 
Centennial Exposition, and there in the 





1, Fruiting pinnule of the boulder fern, en- 
larged. 2, Fruiting pinnules of spleenwort, 
enlarged 

great conservatories saw for the first time 
the tree ferns of the tropics. One of these 
was labeled DicJcsonia, and, mystified, I 
asked the privilege of examining the 
fronds for fruiting organs; when lo! the 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 



701 



indusium proved to be a little cup, borne 
at the base of the tooth of the pinnule, 
exactly like that of our boulder fern, which 
is also a Dicksonia. I had a sudden feeling 
that I must have fern friends all over the 
world. 

The children are always interested in 
the way the maidenhair folds over the tips 




Fruiting pinnules of evergreen wood fern 

of her scallops to protect her spore nur- 
sery. While many of our ferns have their 
fertile fronds very similar in form to the 
sterile ones, yet there are many common 
ferns with fertile fronds that look so dif- 
ferent from the others that one would not 
think they were originally of the same pat- 
tern; but although their pinnules are 
changed into cups, or spore pockets, of 
various shapes, if they be examined care- 
fully they will be seen to have the same 
general structure and the same divisions, 
however much contracted, as have the 
large sterile fronds. The Osmimdas, which 
include the interrupted, the cinnamon, 
and the flowering ferns, are especially 
good for this part of the lesson. The sensi- 
tive fern, so common in damp places in 




Fruiting pinnules of the chain fern 

open fields, is also an excellent illustra- 
tion of this method of fruiting. While 
studying the ferns, the teacher should lay 
stress upon the fact that they represent an 
early and simple form of plant, that they 



reached the zenith of their growth in the 
Carboniferous age, and that, to a large 
extent, our coal is composed of them. It is 
interesting to think that the exquisite and 
intricate leaf patterns of the ferns should 
belong to a primitive type. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
page 693. 

LESSON 195 
THE FRUITING OF THE FERN 

LEADING THOUGHT Ferns do not have 
flowers, but they produce spores. Spores 
are not seeds; but fern spores grow into 
a tiny prothallium, and this in turn pro- 
duces a young fern. Each genus of ferns 
has its own peculiar way of protecting its 
spores; and if we learn these different 
ways, we can recognize most ferns with- 
out effort. 

METHOD July is the best time for this 
lesson, which is well adapted for summer 
schools or camping trips. However, if it 
is desired to use it as a school lesson, it 
should be begun in June, when the fruit- 
ing organs are green, and it may be fin- 
ished in September after the spores are 
discharged. Begin with the Christmas 




A sensitive fern, showing sterile and fertile 
fronds 



702 

fern, which ripens in June, and make the 
fruiting of this species a basis for com- 
parison. Follow this with other wood 
ferns which bear fruit dots on the back of 




Diagram of the interrupted fern, showing 
the three pairs of fruiting pinna, and a part 
of one of these enlarged. This fern often has 
fronds four or five feet high 



the fronds. Then study the ferns which 
live in more open places, and which have 
fronds changed in form to bear the spores 
like the sensitive, the ostrich, the royal, 
and the flowering ferns. A study of 
the interrupted fern is a desirable prep- 
aration for the further study of those 
which have special fruiting fronds; the 
interrupted fern has, at about the middle 
of its frond, one to five pinnas on each 
side, fitted for spore-bearing, the pinnules 
being changed into globular cups filled 
with spore cases. 

While not absolutely necessary, it is 
highly desirable that each member of the 
class should look at a fruit dot of some 
fern through a three-quarters objective of 
a compound microscope, and then exam- 
ine the spore cases and the spores through 
a one-sixth objective. It must be remem- 
bered that this lesson is for advanced 
grades, and is a preparation for systematic 
scientific work. If a microscope is not 
available, the work may be done with a 
hand lens aided by pictures. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Take a fern that is 
in fruit; lay it on a sheet of white paper and 
leave it thus for a day or two, where it will 
not be disturbed and where there is no 
draught; then take it up carefully; the 



PLANTS 

form of the fern will be outlined in dust. 
What is this dust? 

2. What conditions must the spores 
have in order to grow? What do they grow 
into? 

3. Look at a ripe fruit dot on the back 
of a fern leaf and see where the spores 
come from. Can you see with a lens many 
little, brown globules? Can you see that 
some of them are torn open? These are the 
spore cases, called sporangia, each globule 
being packed with spores. Can you see 
how the sporangia are fastened to the leaf 
by little stems? 

4. Almost all our common wood ferns 
have the spore cases protected by a thin 
membrane when very young; this little 
membrane is called the indusium, and it 
is of different shape in those ferns which 
do not have the same surname, or generic 
name. Study as many kinds of wood ferns 
as you can find. If the blanket, or indu- 
sium, is circular with a dent at the center 
where it is fastened to the leaf, and the 
spore cases push out around the margin, 
it is a Christmas fern; if horseshoe-shaped, 
it is one of the wood ferns; if oblong, in 
rows on each side of the midrib, it is a 
chain fern; but if oblong and at an angle 
to the midrib, it is a spleenwort; if it is 
pocket-shaped and opening at one side, it 
is a bladder fern; if it is cup-shaped, it is a 
boulder fern; if it breaks open and lies 
back in star shape, it is a Woodsia; if the 
edge of the fern leaf is folded over all along 
its margin to protect the spore cases, it is 
a bracken; if the tips of the scallops of the 
leaf are delicately folded over to make a 
spore blanket, it is the maidenhair. 

5. If you know of swampy land where 
there are many tall brakes, look for a kind 
that has some of its pinnae withered and 
brown. Examine these withered pinna*, 
and you will see that they are not withered 
at all but are changed into little cups to 
hold spore cases. This is the interrupted 
fern. The flowering fern has the pinnas at 
its tip changed into cups for spore cases. 
The cinnamon fern, which grows in 
swampy places, has whole fronds which are 
cinnamon-colored and look withered, but 
which bear the spores. The ostrich fern, 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 



703 




lie. 



Bulletin 119, Agricultural Extension Service, Ohio State TJ. 

Important characteristics which distinguish fern groups 



1, Sensitive fern: a, frond; b, spore-bearing frond 

2, Hartford or climbing fern 

3, Grape fern: a, frond; b, modified frond producing 
spore cases ; c, detail of spore cases 

4, Spleenwort: a, frond; b spore cases like pockets 
above veins 

5, Common polypody: a, frond; b, large fruiting dots 

6, Interrupted fern: a, spore-bearing pinnae (leaflets) 
confined to a few in middle of frond; b and c, details 
showing arrangement of spore cases 

7, Cinnamon fern: a, fertile frond 



8, Royal fern: a, frond; b, the modified pinnsB at the 
tip producing spores 

9, Maidenhair fern; a, pinnae; b, detail showing spores 
beneath the folded margins of pinnaa 

10, Bracken: a, entire frond; b, detail of pinnse; c, 
spore-bearing folded margins of a pinnule 

XI, Chain fern: a, pinns ; b, spore areas showing chain 
formation 

_12, Christmas fern: a, frond; b, spore cluster; c, de- 
tail of spore clusters 

13, Bladder fern: a, frond; b, fruit dots 



FERNS 



1. PURPLE CLIFF BRAKE, Pellaea atropur- 
purea. Sometimes called " winter brake " be- 
cause in its southern range the fronds remain 
green all winter, this jern u-sualhj grows in 
situations which can be reached only with 
difficulty. It can be grown in cultivation if it 
is always kept in the same position. Should 
the plant be moved, the change in relation to 
the light will retard its growth. 

Range: New England and British Colum- 
bia south and west to California and north- 
ern Mexico. Habitat: Crevices in dry rocks. 
(Photo by Dr. and Mrs. John Small) 

2. CLIMBING FERN, Lygodium palmatum. 
Seventy-five years ago this fern was common, 
but in many places reckless picking has al- 
most exterminated it. The jronds, 1 to 3 feet 
long, twine or climb about other plants or 
trail on the ground. The specimen shown in 
the picture is a typical young plant, which 
differs somewhat in general appearance from 
a mature plant. 

Range: Massachusetts south to Florida. 
Habitat: Banks of streams. (Photo by 
Charles E. Mohr) 

3. GRAPE FERN. This is one of the many 
variations of Botrychium dissectum. 

Range: Nova Scotia and New Brunswick 
west to Wisconsin and Iowa, south to South 
Carolina, Georgia, and Florida. Habitat: A 
great variety of habitats: sterile hilltops, dry 
pastures, meadows, thickets, rich swampy 
woods and sandy banks in pine barrens. 
(Photo by Dr. and Mrs. John Small) 

4. HART'S-TONGUE, Phyllitis Scolopen- 
drium. Although very rare in this country, 
this fern is common in parts of Eurasia, espe- 
cially Great Britain. 

Range: Locally in New Brunswick, On- 
tario, central New York, Tennessee, and 
North Carolina. Habitat: Shaded ravines in 
regions where there are limestone cliffs. 
(Photo by Dr. and Mrs. John Small) 

5. HAY-SCENTED FERN, Dennstsedtia 
punctilobula. The fronds of this slender, 
tapering, pale green fern are 1% to 2 feet 
long. They are very fragrant when dried. 

Range: Nova Scotia to Minnesota south 
to Georgia. Habitat: Rocky pastures, mead- 



ows, thickets, and near swamps. (Photo by 
Leonard K. Beyer) 

6. MAIDENHAIR FERN, Adiantum pedatum. 
Except on the Atlantic coastal plains, this 
fern is rather widely distributed throughout 
North America. It is found in sheltered, shady 
places rather than in open areas of the woods. 

Range: Nova Scotia to British Columbia 
south to Georgia and Arkansas. Habitat: 
Rich, moist woodlands. (Photo by Dr. and 
Mrs. John Small) 

7. INTERRUPTED FERN, Osmunda Clayton- 
iana. This fern } the cinnamon fern (No. 9), 
and the royal jern (No. 10), are similar in 
many ways; they are tall, showy, and beauti- 
ful. They can be transplanted if shade, plenty 
of water, and good soil are provided. 

Range : Minnesota to Newfoundland south 
to Missouri, Kentucky, and North Carolina. 
Habitat: Swampy areas. (Photo by Brook- 
lyn Botanic Garden) 

8. WALKING LEAF FERN, Camptosorus rhi- 
zophyllus. The end frond of this fern seems 
capable of taking root at its tip; thus new 
plants are started. Sometimes the third gen- 
eration maintains a connection with the 
original plant, 

Range: From Maine and southern Canada 
to Georgia and westward. Habitat: Locally 
in shady ravines on cliffs or decaying stumps. 
(Photo by Verne Morton) 

9. CINNAMON FERN, Osmunda cinna- 
momea. The sterile fronds of this fern are 
quite similar in appearance to those of the 
interrupted fern; they can be distinguished 
by a tuft of wool at the base of the pinnce. 

Range: Canada to Florida west to New 
Mexico and into South America. Habitat: 
Swampy areas. (Photo by Brooklyn Botanic 
Garden) 

10. ROYAL OR FLOWERING FERN, Osmunda 
regalis. In North America the usual height of 
this fern is 2 to 5 feet, but in Europe it is 
said to reach a height of 10 feet. 

Range: Southern and eastern Canada to 
Nebraska, Mississippi, and Florida into tropi- 
cal America. Habitat: Swampy areas. (Photo 
by Buffalo Museum of Science) 



PLANTS 



which has fronds that look like magnifi- 
cent ostrich feathers, has stiff little stalks 
of fruiting fronds very unlike the magnifi- 
cent sterile fronds. The sensitive fern, 
which grows in damp meadows and along 
roadsides, also has contracted fruiting 
fronds. If you find any of these, compare 
carefully the fruiting with the sterile 
fronds, and note in each case the resem- 
blance in branching and in pinnules and 
also the shape of the openings through 
which the spores are sifted out. 



6. Gather and press specimens of as 
many ferns in the fruiting stage as you 
can find, taking both sterile and fruiting 
fronds in those species which have this 
specialization. 

7. Read in the geologies about the ferns 
which helped in the making of our coal 
beds. 

Nature made ferns for pure leaves to see 
what she could do in that line. 

THOREAU 



THE FIELD HORSETAIL 




1, Fertile plant of the field horsetail; 2, 
spores; 3, disc discharging spores; 4, disc 
with spore sacs 

.These queer, pale plants grow in sandy 
or gravelly soil, and since they appear so 
early in the spring they are objects of curi- 
osity to children. The stalk is pale and un- 



canny looking; the pinkish stem, all the 
same size from bottom to top, is orna- 
mented at intervals with upward-point- 
ing, slender, black, sharp-pointed scales, 
which unite at the bottom and encircle 
the stalk in a slightly bulging ring, a ring 
which shows a ridge for every scale, ex- 
tending down the stem. These black 
scales are really leaves springing from a 
joint in the stem, but they forgot long 
ago how to do a leafs work of getting food 
from the air. The " blossom/' which is not 
a real blossom in the eye of the botanist, 
is made up of rows of tiny discs which are 
set like miniature toadstools around the 
central stalk. Before it is ripe, there ex- 
tends back from the edge of each disc a 
row of little sacs stuffed so full of green 
spores that they look united like a row of 
tiny green ridges. The discs at the top of 
the fertile spike discharge their spores 
first, as can be seen by shaking the plant 
over white paper, the falling spores look- 
ing like pale green powder. The burst and 
empty sacs are whitish, and hang around 
the discs in torn scallops, after the spores 
are shed. The spores, when seen under the 
microscope, are wonderful objects, each 
a little green ball with four spiral bands 
wound about it. These spirals uncoil and 
throw the spore, giving it a movement as 
of something alive. The motor power in 
these living springs is the absorbing of 
moisture. 

The beginning of the sterile shoot can 
be seen like a green bit of the blossom 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 




707 



W. C. Muenscher 

Field horsetail, Equisetum arvense, though 
not a flowering plant " blooms " with spores 

spike of the plantain; but later, after the 
fertile stalks have died clown, these cover 
the ground with their strange fringes. Not 
all kinds of horsetails have separate fruit- 
ing and vegetative shoots; in some the 
same stalk bears both fruiting and vegeta- 
tive parts. 

The person who first called these sterile 
plants " horsetails " had an overworked 
imagination, or none at all; for the only 
quality the two have in common is brushi- 
ness. A horse which had the hair of its 
tail set in whorls with the same precision 
as this plant has its branches would be one 
of the world's wonders. The Equisetum is 
one of the plants which give evidence of 
nature's resourcefulness; its remote ances- 
tors probably had a whorl of leaves at each 
joint or node of the main stem and 
branches; but the plant now has so many 
green branches that it does not really need 
the leaves, and thus they have been re- 
duced to mere points, and look like noth- 
ing but " trimming/' they are so purely 
ornamental. Each little cup or socket, of 
the joint or node, in branch or stern, has 
a row of points around its margin, and 
these points are terminals of the angles in 



the branch. If a branch is triangular in 
cross section, it will have three points at 
its socket, if quadrangular it will have four 
points, and the main stem may have six or 
a dozen, or even more points. The main 
stem and branches are made up entirely 
of these segments, each set at its lower 
end in the socket of the segment behind 
or below it. These green branches, rich 
in chlorophyl, manufacture for the plant 
all the food that it needs. Late in the sea- 
son this food is stored in the rootstocks, 
so that early next spring the fertile plants, 
nourished by this stored material, are able 
to push forth before most other plants, 
and thus develop their spores early in the 
season. There is a prothallium stage as in 
the ferns. 

Above where the whorl of stems comes 
from the main branch, may be seen a row 
of upward-standing points which are the 
remnants of leaves; each branch as it 
leaves the stem is set in a little dark cup 
with a toothed rim. There is a nice grada- 
tion from the stout lower part of the stem 
to the tip, which is as delicate as one of 
the side branches. 

The rootstock dies out behind the plant 
and pushes on ahead like the rootstock of 
ferns. The true roots may be seen attached 
on the underside. The food made in the 
summer is stored in little tubers, which 
may be seen in the rootstocks. 




Dr. and Mrs. John Small 

Club moss or ground pine, Lycopodium 
alopecuroides. This plant is common in the 
bogs of pine-barrens 



7 o8 PLANTS 

SUGGESTED READING Fern Allies of 
North America, by Willard N. Clute; 
Fields and Fencerovrs, by Walter P. Por- 




Sterile plant of the field horsetail 

ter and Einar A. Hansen; Guide to East- 
ern Ferns, by Edgar T. Wherry. 

LESSON 196 
THE FIELD HORSETAIL 
THE FERTILE PLANT 
LEADING THOUGHT The horsetail is a 
plant that develops spores instead of seeds, 
and has green stems instead of leaves. 

METHOD In April and May, when the 
children are looking for flowers, they will 
find some of these weird-looking plants. 
These may be brought to the schoolroom 
and the observation lesson given there. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where are these 
plants found? On what kind of soil? 

2. In what respect does this plant dif- 
fer from other plants in appearance? Can 
you find any green part to it? 

3. What color is the stem? Is it the 



same size its whole length? Is it smooth 
or rough? 

4. Do you see any leaves on the stems? 
Do you see the black-pointed scales? In 
which direction do these scales point? Are 
they united at the bottom? What sort of 
ring do they make around the stem? Split 
a stem lengthwise and see if there are 
joints, or nodes, where the ring joins the 
stalk. 

5. How does the "blossom" look? 
What color are the little discs that make 
up the blossom? How are the discs set? 

6. Take one of the plants which has the 
discs surrounded by green ridges. Shake 
it over a white paper. What comes from 
it? Where does it come from? Which 
discs on the stalk shed the green spores 
first? 

THE STERILE PLANT 

LEADING THOUGHT The horsetail or 
Equisetum is nourished by very different- 
looking sterns from those which bore the 
spores. It lacks leaves, but its branches are 
green and do the work of making food for 
the plant. 

METHOD The sterile plants of the 
horsetail do not appear for several weeks 
after the fertile ones; they are much more 




Dorothy M. Compton 

Ground pine, Lycopodium complanatum, 
is widely distributed in dry coniferous woods 
throughout North America, Europe, and Asia 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 



709 



numerous, and do not resemble the fer- 
tile plants in form or color. These sterile 
plants may be used for a lesson in Septem- 
ber or October. Some of these plants with 
their roots may be brought into the 
schoolroom for study. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Has this plant any 
leaves? How does it make and digest its 
food without leaves? What part of it is 
green? Wherever there is green in a plant, 
there is the chlorophyl-factory for making 
food. In the horsetail, then, what part of 
the plant does the work of leaves? 

2. Take off one little branch and study 
it with the lens. How does it look? Pull it 
apart. Where does it break easily? How 
many joints, or nodes, are there in the 
branch? 

3. Study the socket from which one of 
the segments was pulled off. What do you 
see around its edge? How many of these 
points? Look at the branch in cross sec- 
tion. How many angles has it? What rela- 
tion do the points bear to the angles? Do 



you think these points are all there are 
left of true leaves? 

4. How do the little green branches 
come off the main stem? How many in a 
place? How many whorls of branches on 
the main stem? 

5. Study the bases of the branches. 
What do you see? Look directly above 
where the whorl of branches comes off the 
main stem. What do you see? Cut the 
main stem in cross section just below this 
place, and see if there are as many little 
points as there are angles or ridges in the 
stem. Do you suppose these little points 
are the remnants of leaves on the main 
stem? 

6. What kind of root has the horsetail? 
Do you think this long running root is the 
true root or an underground stem? Where 
are the true roots? Do you think the root- 
stock dies off at the oldest end each year, 
like the fern? Can you find the little tubers 
in the rootstock which contain nourish- 
ment for next year's spore-bearing stalks? 



THE HAIR-CAP MOSS OR PIGEON WHEAT 



The mosses are a special delight to chil- 
dren because they are green and beautiful 
before other plants have gained their 
greenness in the spring and after they have 
lost it in the fall; to the discerning eye, 
a mossy bank or a mossy log is a thing of 
beauty always. When we were children we 
regarded moss as a forest for fairy folk, 
each moss stem being a tree, and we natu- 
rally concluded that fairy forests were 
evergreen. We also had other diversions 
with pigeon wheat, for we took the fruit- 
ing stem, pulled the cap off the spore cap- 
sule, and tucked the other end of the red 
stem into the middle of the capsule, mak- 
ing a beautiful coral ring with an emerald 
" set." To be sure, these rings were rather 
too delicate to last long, but there were 
plenty more to be had for nothing; so we 
made these rings into long chains which 
we wore as necklaces for brief and happy 
moments, their evanescence being one of 
their charms. 

Pigeon wheat is a rather large moss 



which grows on dry knolls, usually near 
the margins of damp woodlands in just 
those places where wintergreens love to 
grow. In fall or winter it forms a greenish 
brown mass of bristling stems; in the early 
summer the stems are tipped with the 
vivid green of the new growth. The 
bristling appearance comes from the long 
sharp leaves set thickly upon the ruddy 
brown stems; each leaf is pretty to look 
at with a lens, which reveals it as thick 
though narrow, grooved along the middle, 
the edges usually armed with sharp teeth, 
and the base clasping the stem. These 
leaves, although so small, are wonderfully 
made; during the hot, dry weather they 
shut up lengthwise and twist into the 
merest threads; thus their soft, green sur- 
faces do not lose as much moisture by ex- 
posure to the air. More than this, they 
huddle close to the stem and in this posi- 
tion they are less likely to suffer from the 
effect of drought. But as soon as the rains 
come, they straighten back at right angles 



710 



PLANTS 




George E. Nichols 

Hair-cap moss or pigeon wheat 

to the stem, and curve their tips down- 
ward. Bring in some of this moss and let it 
dry, and then drop it into a glass of water 
and watch this miracle of leaf movement! 
And yet it is no miracle but a mechanism 
quite automatic, and therefore like other 
miracles, when once they are understood. 

In early June the mossy knoll shows us 
the origin of the name pigeon grass or 
pigeon wheat, for it is then covered with 
a forest of shining, ruddy, stiff, little 
stalks, each stalk bearing on its tip a woolly 
object about the size of a grain of wheat. 
But it is safe to say that the pigeons and 
other birds enjoy our own kind of wheat 
better than this, which is attributed to 
them. 

A study of one of these wheat grains re- 
veals it as covered with a yellowish mo- 
hair cap, ending in a golden-brown peak 



at its tip, as if it were the original pattern 
of the toboggan cap; it closes loosely 
around the stem below. This " grain " is 
the spore capsule of the moss; the hairy 
cap pulls off easily when seized by its tip. 
This cap is present at the very beginning, 
even before the stalk lengthens; it pro- 
tects the delicate tissues of the growing 
spore case. It is only through a lens that 
we can see it in all its silky softness. The 
capsule revealed by the removal of the 
cap is a beautiful green object, usually 
four-sided, set upon an elegant little pedes- 
tal where it joins the coral stalk, and with 
a lid on its top like a sugar-bowl cover, 
with a point instead of a knob at its center. 





Hair-cap moss 

1, Moss stem carrying the egg before fertilization, 
la, The same stem, carrying the spore capsule and its 
stalk; b, stalk; c, spore capsule, with cap covering it. 
2, Stalk showing the starlike cups; d, the cup in which 
was developed the sperms which fertilized the egg at a, 
this year; e, last year's cup; f, the cup of year before 
last; only the upper leaves of the stem are alive. 3, 
Spore capsule with the cap removed, showing the lid. 

4, Spore capsule with lid off and shaking out the spores. 

5, The cap. 6, Starlike cup in which the sperm is de- 
veloped. 7, Leaf of moss. 8, The top of the spore 
capsule showing the teeth around the edge between which 
the spores sift out. 9, A part of a necklace chain made 
of the spore capsules and their stems 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 



711 



When the spores are ripe, this lid falls 
off, and then if we have a lens we may 
see another instance of moss mechanism. 
Looking at the uncovered end of the cap- 
sule, we see a row of tiny teeth around 
the margin, which seem to hold down an 
inner cover with a little raised rim. The 
botanists have counted these teeth and 
find there are 64. The teeth themselves 
are not important, but the openings be- 
tween them are, since only through these 
openings can the spores escape. In fact, 
the capsule is a pepper box with a grating 
around its upper edge instead of holes in 
its cover; and when it is fully ripe, instead 
of standing right side up, it tips over; thus 
its spores are shaken out more easily. 
These teeth are like the moss leaves; they 
swell with moisture, and thus in rainy 
weather they, with the inner cover, swell 
so that not a single spore can be shaken 
out. If spores should come out during the 
rain, they would fall among the parent 
plants where there is no room for growth. 
But when they emerge in dry weather, 
the wind scatters them far and wide where 
there is room for development. 

When seen with the naked eye, the 
spores seem to be simply fine dust, but 
each dust grain is able to produce moss 
plants. However, the spore does not grow 
up into a plant like a seed; it grows into 
fine, green, branching threads which push 
along the surface of damp soil; and on 
these threads little buds appear, each of 
which grows up into a moss stem. 

If we examine some other plants of 
pigeon wheat moss, we find that some 
stems end in yellowish cups which look 
almost like blossoms; on closer examina- 
tion, we find that there are several of 
these cups, one below the other, with the 
stem extending up through the middle. 
The upper cup matured this year, the one 
below it last year, and so on. These cups 
are star-pointed, and inside, at the bottom, 
is a starlike cluster of leaves. Among the 
leaves of this star-rosette are borne the 
antheridia, too small for us to see without 
a high-power microscope. The sperm cells 
from these antheridia are carried to other 
plants, some of which produce egg cells at 



their very tips, although the egg cell has 
no leaf rosette to show where it is. This 
egg cell, after receiving the sperm cells, 
grows into the spore capsule supported on 
its coral stem. These stalk, capsule, and 
all grow up out of the mother plant; 
the red stalk is enlarged at its base, and 
fits into the moss stem like a flagstaff in 
the socket. After the star-shaped cup has 
shed its sperm cells, the stem grows up 
from its center for an inch or so in height 
and bears new leaves, and next year will 
bear another starry cup. This condition is 
true of pigeon wheat and some others; but 
many other mosses have sperm and egg 
cells on the same plant. 

The brown leaves on the lower part of 
the moss stem are dead, and only the 
green leaves on the upper part are living. 

And this is the story of the moss cycle: 

1. A plant with an egg cell at its tip; 
another plant with a star-cup holding the 
moss sperm cell which is splashed by a 
raindrop over to the waiting egg. 

2. The egg cell as soon as fertilized de- 
velops into a spore capsule, which is lifted 
up into the world on a beautiful shining 
stem and is protected by a silky cap. 

3. The cap comes off; the lid of the 
spore case falls off, the spores are shaken 
out and scattered by the wind. 

4. Those spores that find fitting places 
grow into a net of green threads. 

5. These green threads send up moss 
stems which repeat the story. 

SUGGESTED READING First Studies of 
Plant Life, by George F. Atkinson; How 
to Know the Mosses, by Elizabeth M. 
Dunham; Mosses with a Hand-Lens, by 
A. J. Grout. 

LESSON 197 
THE HAIR-CAP Moss 

LEADING THOUGHT The mosses, like 
the butterfly and the fern, have several 
stages in their development. The butterfly 
stages are the egg, the caterpillar, the 
chrysalis, the butterfly. The moss stages 
are the egg (or ovule), the spores, the 
branching green threads, and moss plants 
with their green foliage. In June we can 



MOSSES AND HEPATICS 



These plants make up that portion of the plant 
kingdom known as Bryophytes or Bryophyta. 
Although they number more than 16,000 species, 
most of which are mosses, comparatively few 
are of any economic importance. The group is, 
however, of great interest to scientists because its 
members seem to represent a step in development 
between the algae and higher plants. 

Bryophytes do not have true roots as do the 
higher plants; instead of roots they have numer- 
ous hairlike growths called rhizoids. The rhi- 
zoids of the hepatics are only one-celled; those of 
the mosses are much more highly developed. 

Hepatics grow in such a way as to make a 
flat covering over the ground. Mosses, because 
of their vegetative multiplication, usually grow 
in compact clusters. Their compactness enables 
mosses to store up for a long time any moisture 
that they collect. When dry they are dormant. 

Mosses and liverworts are best distinguished 
by the way in which their spores are released. 
In mosses, with a few exceptions, the end of the 
capsule forms a lid which falls off, thus releasing 
the spores. In liverworts, the end of the capsule 
splits lengthwise and the segments bend apart, 
allowing the spores to fall out. Although not all 
liverworts have flat thalli, like those shown in 
Figures 6 and 8, and many are surprisingly 
mosslike in appearance, these can be dis- 
tinguished from mosses because the leaves of 
liverworts are only a single cell in thickness 
throughout all their area. 

1. BROOM Moss, Dicranuro scoparium. 
This moss has its name from the resemblance 
it bears to a hair broom or long brush. It is so 
abundant throughout most parts of the Northern 
Hemisphere that it is often used by florists to 
produce the effect of green banks in exhibits. 
(Photo by E. B. Mains) 

2. COMMON HAIR-CAP, BIRD WHEAT, or 
PIGEON WHEAT Moss, Polytrichium com- 
mune. This very common moss, found not 
only in all parts of North America but in Eu- 
rope and Asia as well, is the plant most people 
have in mind when they speak of moss. It 
grows, not only in woods but also in old fields 
and meadows, where it must withstand great 
variations in temperature and moisture. When 
dry, the leaves fold up against the stem and dry 
plants present a very different aspect from damp 



ones. In Europe the hair-cap mosses are used 
for small brooms and bed fillings. This is our 
largest moss; its stems may reach a foot in 
length but they are usually much smaller. 
(Photo by E. B. Mains') 

3. COMMON FERN Moss, Thuidium deli- 
catulum. In distribution this moss is general; 
it grows on soil, stones, and logs in damp 
places. In appearance, it resembles a delicate 
fern; its general form reminds one of some of 
the types of frost pictures seen on windows in 
winter. (Photo by W. C. Steere) 

4. AWNED HAIR-CAP Moss, Polyirichium 
piliferum. This moss is much smaller than the 
pigeon wheat; it may be found growing in 
very dry situations, at high altitudes, and 
even on bare rock ledges. (Photo by Buffalo 
Museum of Science') 

5. PLUME Moss, Hypnum Crista-castrensis. 
In moist cool forests, one may expect to see this 
yellow-green moss at its best; there it may be 
found even completely covering old logs and 
stumps. (Photo by Buffalo Museum of Science) 

6. PURPLE-FRINGED RICCIA, Ricciocarpus 
natans. This near relative of the mosses be- 
longs to a group of plants known as hepatics. 
It is shown in the picture as it grows in stag- 
nant pools; it may also grow on land, in which 
case it has a very different appearance. (Photo 
by W. C. Steere) 

7 and 8. TRUE LIVERWORT, Marchantia 
polymorpha. These plants, known as liver- 
worts or hepatics, are close allies of the mosses. 
The plant body is in the form of a thallus (as 
shown in the pictures) rather than a main stem 
and leaves. The thallus creeps on the ground to 
which it is attached by large hairs called rhizoids; 
these rhizoids perform the functions of roots. 
In No. 7, the portions of the plants which re- 
semble the ribs of an umbrella bear the female 
reproductive bodies. The little cups on the 
surface of the thallus in No. 8 produce vege- 
tative reproductive bodies called gemmse or 
brood bodies. A slightly different umbrella- 
shaped growth on another plant (not figured) 
produces the male reproductive bodies. (Photos 
by E. B. Mains) 



PLANTS 



End all these stages, except perhaps the 
branching-thread stage. 

METHOD The children should bring 
to the schoolroom a basin of moss in its 
fruiting stage; or still better, go with them 
to a knoll covered with moss. Incidentally 
tell them that this moss, when dried, is 
used by the Laplanders for stuffing their 
pillows, and that the bears use it for their 
beds. Once, a long time ago, people be- 
lieved that a plant, by the shape of its leaf 
or flower, indicated its nature as a medi- 
cine, and as this moss looked like hair, 
the water in which it was steeped was used 
as a hair tonic. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Take a moss stem 
with a grain of pigeon wheat at the end. 
Examine the lower part of the stalk. How 
are the leaves arranged on it? Examine one 
of the little leaves through a lens and de- 
scribe its shape, its edges, and the way it 
joins the stem. Are the lower leaves the 
same color as the upper ones? Why? 

2. Describe the pretty shining stem of 
the fruit, which is called the pedicel. Is it 
the same color for its entire length? Can 
you pull it easily from the main plant? 
Describe how its base is embedded in the 
tip of the plant. 

3. Note the silken cap on a grain of the 
pigeon wheat. This is called the veil. Is it 
all the same color? Is it grown fast to the 
plant at its lower margin? Take it by the 
tip, and pull it off. Is this done easily? 
Describe what it covers. This elegant lit- 
tle green vase is called a spore capsule. 
How many sides has it? Describe its base 
which stands upon the stem. Describe the 
little lid. Pull off the lid; is there another 



lid below it? Can you see around the edge 
the tiny teeth which hold this lid in place? 

4. Do all the spore vases stand straight 
up, or do some bend over? 

5. Do you think the silken cap falls off 
of itself after a while? Can you find any 
capsules where the cap or veil and the lid 
have fallen off? See if you can shake any 
dust out of such a spore vase. What do 
you think this dust is? Ask your teacher, 
or read in the books, about moss spores 
and what happens if they find a damp 
place in which to grow. 

6. Hunt among the moss for some 
stems that have pretty, yellowish, starlike 
cups at their tips. How does the inside of 
one of these cups look? Ask the teacher to 
tell you what grows in this cup. Look 
down the stem and see if you can find last 
year's cup; the cup of two years ago. Meas- 
ured by these cups how old do you think 
this moss stem is? 

7. Select some stems of moss, both 
those that bear the fruit and those that 
bear the cups. After they are dried, de- 
scribe how the leaves look. Examine the 
plant with a lens and note how these 
leaves are folded and twisted. Do the 
leaves stand out from the stem or lie close 
to it? Is this position of the leaves of any 
use to the plant in keeping the water from 
evaporating? How do the star-cups look 
when dry? 

8. Place these dried stems in a glass of 
water and describe what happens to the 
cup. Examine some of the dried moss and 
the wet moss with a lens, and describe the 
difference. Of what use to the moss is this 
power of changing form when damp? 



MUSHROOMS AND OTHER FUNGI 



There is something uncanny about 
plants which have no green parts; indeed, 
many people find it difficult to think of 
them as plants. It is, therefore, no wonder 
that many superstitions cluster about 
toadstools. In times of old, not only was it 
believed that toads sat on them, but that 
fairies danced upon them and used them 



for umbrellas. The poisonous qualities of 
some species made them also a natural 
ingredient of the witch's cauldron. But 
science, in these days, brings revelations 
concerning these mysterious plants which 
are far more wonderful than the web 
which superstition wove about them in 
days of yore. 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 



A fairy ring 



U. S. Dept. of Agriculture 



When we find plants with no green 
parts which grow and thrive, though un- 
able to manufacture their own organic 
food through the alchemy of chlorophyll, 
sunlight, and air, we may safely infer that 
in one way or another they gain the prod- 
ucts of this alchemy at second hand. Such 
plants are either parasites or saprophytes; 
if parasites, they steal the food from" the 
cells of living plants; if saprophytes, they 
live on such of this food material as re- 
mains in dead wood, withered leaves, or 
soils enriched by their remains. 

Thus, we find mushrooms and other 
fungus fruiting bodies, pallid, brown- 
olive, yellow, or red in color, but with no 
signs of the living green of other plants; 
and this fact reveals their history. Some of 
them are parasites, as certain species of 
bracket fungi which are the deadly ene- 
mies of living trees; but most of the fun- 









Brooklyn Botanic Garden 

A lichen 



gus species that we ordinarily see are 
saprophytes, and live on dead vegetation. 
Fungi, as a whole, are a great boon to the 
world. Without them our forests would 
be choked out with dead wood. Decay is 
simply the process by which fungi and 
other organisms break down dead mate- 
rial, so that the major part of it returns to 
the air in gaseous form, and the remainder, 
now mostly hurnus, mingles with the soil. 
As a table delicacy, mushrooms are 
highly prized. A very large number of 




George F. Atkinson 

Meadow mushroom. A common edible mush- 
room 

species are edible. But every year the 
newspapers report deaths resulting from 
eating the poisonous kinds the price of 
an ignorance which comes from a lack 
of the powers of observation developed in 
nature-study. It would be very unwise 
for any teacher to give rules to guide her 
pupils in separating edible from poisonous 



7 i6 



PLANTS 



mushrooms, since the most careful direc- 
tions may be disregarded or misunder- 
stood. She should emphasize the danger 
incurred by mistaking a poisonous for an 
edible species. One small button of the 
deadly kind, if eaten, may cause death. A 
few warning rules may be given, which, if 
firmly impressed on the pupils, may result 
in saving human life. 

First and most important, avoid all 
mushrooms that are covered with scales, 
or that have the base of the stem included 
in a sac, for two of the poisonous species, 
often mistaken for the common edible 
mushroom, have these distinguishing 
characteristics. Care should be taken that 
every specimen be collected in a way to 
show the base of the stem, since in some 
poisonous species this sac is hidden be- 
neath the soil. 

Second, avoid the young, or button, 
stages, since they are similar in appearance 
in species that are edible and in those that 
are poisonous. 

Third, avoid those that have milky 
juices; unless the juices are reddish in 
color, the mushrooms should not be eaten. 

Fourth, avoid those with shiny, thin, or 
brightly colored caps, and those with, 
whitish or clay-colored spores. 

Fifth, no mushroom or puffball should 
be eaten after its meat has begun to turn 





George F. Atkinson 

The deadly amanita, Amanita phalloides. 
Note the form of the ring, and the cup at the 
base of the stem 



George F. Atkinson 

Young stages of cultivated edible mushrooms, 
showing spawn 

brown or has become infested with fly 
larvae. 

How MUSHROOMS LOOK AND How THEY 
LIVE 

There are many kinds of mushrooms 
varying greatly in form, color, and size, but 
wherever they appear it means that some- 
time previous the mushroom spores have 
been planted there. There they threw out 
threads which have penetrated the food 
substance and gained a successful growth, 
which finally resulted in sending up into 
the world the fruiting organs. In general 
shape these consist of a stem with a cap 
upon it, making it usually somewhat um- 
brella-shaped. Attached to the cap, and 
usually under it, are platelike growths 
called gills, or a fleshy surface which is full 
of pores. In the gills, each side of each 
plate develops spores. These, as fine as 
dust, are capable of producing other mush- 
rooms. 

In the common edible species of mush- 
room (Agaricus campestris), the stem is 
white and almost cylindrical, tapering 
slightly toward the base; it is solid, al- 
though the core is not so firm as the out- 
side. When it first pushes above the 
ground, it is in what is called the " button 
stage" and consists of a little, rounded 
cap covered with a membrane which is at- 



tached to the stem. Later the cap spreads 
wide, for it is naturally umbrella-shaped, 
and it tears loose this membrane, leaving 
a piece of it attached to the stem; this rem- 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 717 

METHOD The ideal method would be 
to study the mushrooms in the field and 
forest, making an excursion for the pur- 
pose of collecting as many species as pos- 







Cone- Bell- 
shaped shaped 



Convex 



Plane 



nant is called the ring or collar. The col- 
lar is very noticeable in many species, but 
in the common mushroom it soon shrivels 
and disappears. The cap is at first rounded 
and then convex; its surface is at first 
smooth, looking soft and silky; but as the 
plant becomes old, it is often broken up 
into triangular scales which are often dark 
brown, although the color of the cap is 
usually white or pale brown. The gills be- 
neath the cap are at first white, but later, 
as the spores mature, they become brown- 
ish black because of the ripened spores. 

SUGGESTED READING Field Book of 
Common Mushrooms, by William S. 
Thomas; Fields and Fencerows, by Wal- 
ter P. Porter and Einar A. Hansen; First 
Studies of Plant Life, by George F. Atkin- 
son; The Mushroom Book, by Nina L. 
Marshall; The Mushroom Handbook, by 
Louis C. C. Krieger; Mushrooms, by 
W. B. McDougall; Mushrooms of Field 
and Wood, by Margaret McKenny; Na- 
ture and Science Readers, by Edith M. 
Patch and Harrison E. Howe, Book 4, 
Through Four Seasons; Our Plant Friends 
and Foes, by William A. DuPuy. 

LESSON 198 
MUSHROOMS 

LEADING THOUGHT Mushrooms are 
the fruiting organs of the fungi which 
grow in the form of threads, spreading in 
every direction through the food material. 
Tlie dust which falls from ripe mush- 
rooms is made up of spores, which are 
not true seeds, but which will start a new 
growth of the fungus. 




Raised 
at center 



Depressed 



Funnel 
form 



sible. But the lesson may be given from 
specimens brought into the schoolroom 
by pupils, care being taken to bring with 
them the soil, dead wood, or leaves on 
which they were found growing. After 
studying one species thus, encourage the 
pupils to bring in as many others as pos- 
sible. There are a few terms which the 
pupils should learn to use, and one 
method of teaching them is to place the 
diagrams shown above and on page 719, 
on the blackboard, and leave them there 
for a time. 

Since mushrooms are especially good 
subjects for water-color and pencil studies, 
it would add much to the interest of the 
work if each pupil, or the school as a 
whole, should make a portfolio of sketches 
of all the species found. With each draw- 
ing there should be made on a supple- 




George F. Atkinson 
Inky-cap mushroom 




PLANTS 



George F. Atkinson 

Rooted Collybia, Collybia radicata. In 
woods, during summer, in groups or singly 
this mushroom is common. The stem extends 
into the ground for some distance, giving the 
appearance of a " tap root &gt;} 

mentary sheet a spore print of the species. 
White paper should be covered very 
thinly with white of egg or mucilage, so as 
to hold fast the discharged spores when 
making these prints for portfolio or her- 
barium. 



OBSERVATIONS i . Where was the 
mushroom found? If on the ground, was 
the soil wet or dry? Was it in open fields 
or in woods? Or was it found on rotten 
wood, fallen leaves, old trees or stumps, or 
roots? Were there many or few speci- 
mens? 

2. Is the cap cone-shaped, bell-shaped, 
convex, plane, concave, or funnel-form? 
Has it a raised point at the center? How 
wide is it? 

3. What is the color of the upper sur- 
face of the cap when young? When old? 
Has it any spots of different colors on it? 
Has it any striate markings, dots, or fine 
grains on its surface? Is its texture smooth 
or scaly? Is its surface dull, or polished, 
or slimy? Break the cap and note the color 
of the juice. Is it milky? 

4. Look beneath the cap. Is the under 
surface divided into plates like the leaves 
of a book, or is it porous? 

5. The plates which may be compared 
to the leaves of a book are called gills, al- 
though they are not for the purpose of 
breathing, as are the gills of a fish. Are 
there more gills near the edge of the cap 
than near the stem? How does this occur? 
What are the colors of the gills? Are the 
gills the same color when young as when 
old? Are the lower edges of the gills sharp, 
blunt, or saw-toothed? 




George F. Atkinson 

A spore print from the common edible mush- 
room 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 



719 



6. Break off a cap and note the relation 
of the gills to the stem. If they do not join 
the stem at all they are termed " free/ 7 If 
they end by being joined to the stem, 
they are called " adnate " or " adnexed." 
If they extend down the stem they are 
called " decurrent." 

j. Take a freshly opened mushroom, 
cut off the stem even with the cap, and 
set the cap, gills down, on white paper; 
cover with a tumbler, or other dish to ex- 
clude draught; leave it for twenty-four 
hours and then remove the cover, lift the 
cap carefully and examine the paper. 
What color is the imprint? What is its 



r CaporPileus 

Gill* 




Spawn 

Mushroom with parts named 

shape? Touch it gently with a pencil and 
see what makes the imprint. Can you tell 
by the pattern where this fine dust came 
from? Examine the dust with a lens. This 
dust is made up of mushroom spores, 
which are not true seeds, but which do for 
mushrooms what seeds do for plants. How 
do you think the spores are scattered? Do 
you know that one little grain of this spore 
dust would start a new growth of mush- 
rooms? 



8. Look at the stem. What is its length? 
Its color? Is it slender or stocky? Is its sur- 
face shiny, smooth, scaly, striate, or 
dotted? Has it a collar or ring around it 
near the top? What is the appearance of 






Gills 
free 



Gills 
adnexed 



Gills 
decurrent 



this ring? Is it fastened to the stem, or will 
it slide up and down? Is the stem solid 
or hollow? Is it swollen at its base? Is its 
base set in a sac or cup, or is it covered 
with a membrane which scales off? Do you 
know that the most poisonous of mush- 
rooms have the sac or the scaly covering 
at the base of the stem? 

9. Examine with a lens the material 
on which the mushroom was growing; 
do you see any threads in it that look like 
mold? Find if you can what these threads 
do for the mushroom. If you were to go 
into the mushroom business what would 
you buy to start your beds? What is mush- 
room " spawn "? 

10. If you can find where the common 
edible mushrooms grow plentifully, or if 
you know of any place where they are 
grown for the market, get some of the 
young mushrooms when they are not 
larger than a pea and others that are larger 
and older. These young mushrooms are 
called " buttons." Find by your own in- 
vestigation the relation between the but- 
tons and the threads. Can you see the gills 
in the button? Why? What becomes of 
the veil over the gills as the mushrooms 
grow large? 

11. Do you know the common edible 
mushroom when you see it? What charac- 
teristics separate this from the poisonous 
species? What is the " death cup," as it is 
called, which covers the base of the stem 
of the most common poisonous species? 



J2O 



PLANTS 



PUFFBALLS 



The puffballs are always interesting to 
children, because of the " smoke " which 
issues from them in clouds when they are 
pressed between thumb and finger. The 
common species are white or creamy 
when young; and some of the species are 
warty or roughened, so that as children we 





Dr. and Mrs. John Small 

Puffballs. On the left is shown Lycoperdon, 
on the right, Scleroderma. The mature spores 
escape through the openings to be seen on 
Lycoperdon 

called them " little lambs." They grow on 
the ground usually, some in wet, shady 
places, and others, as the giant species, in 
grassy fields in late summer. This giant 
puffball always excites interest when 
found. It is a smoothish, white, rounded 
mass, apparently resting on the grass as if 
thrown there; when lifted it is seen that it 
has a connection below at its center, 
through its mycelium threads, which 
form a network in the soil. It is often a 
foot in diameter, and specimens four feet 
through have been recorded. When its 
meat is solid and white to the very center, 
it makes very good food. The skin should 
be pared off, the meat sliced and sprin- 
kled with salt and pepper and fried in hot 
fat until browned. All the puffballs are 
edible, but uninformed persons might 
mistake the button stages of some of the 
poisonous mushrooms for little puffballs, 
and it is not well to encourage the use of 
small puffballs for the table. 

A common species " the beaker puff- 
ball " is pear-shaped, with its small end 
made fast to the ground, which is per- 
meated with its vegetative threads. 



The interior of a puffball, " the meat/* 
is made up of the threads and spores. As 
they ripen, the threads break up so that 
with the spores they make the " smoke/* 
as can be seen if the dust is examined 
through a microscope. The outer wall may 
become dry and brittle and break open to 
allow the spores to escape, or one or more 
openings may appear in it as spore doors. 
The spores of pufFballs were used exten- 
sively in pioneer days to stop the bleed- 
ing of wounds and especially for nose- 
bleed. 

In one genus of the puffball family, the 
outer coat splits off in points on maturing, 
like an orange peel cut lengthwise in six 
or seven sections but still remaining at- 
tached to the base. There is an inner coat 
that remains as a protection to the spores, 
so that these little balls are set each in a 
little star-shaped saucer. These star points 
straighten out flat or even curl under in 
dry weather, but when damp they lift up 
and again envelop the ball to a greater or 
less extent. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
page 717. 




Win. P. Alexander 

Cup-shaped puffball, Calvatia cyathifor- 
mis. This edible puffball may reach 6 inches 
in diameter; it is found on open grassy 
ground in early autumn 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 



LESSON 199 

PUFFBALLS 

LEADING THOUGHT The puffballs are 
fungi that grow from the threads or my- 
celia which permeate the ground or other 
matter on which the puffballs grow. The 
puffballs are the fruiting organs, and 
" smoke " which issues from them is 
largely made up of spores, which are car- 
ried off by the wind and thus sown and 
planted. 

METHOD - Ask the pupils to bring to 
school any of the globular or pear-shaped 
fungi in the early stages when they are 
white, taking pains to bring them on the 
soil or wood on which they are growing. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where did you find 
the puffball? On what was it growing? 
Were there many growing in company? 
Remove the puffball, and examine the 
place where it stood with a lens to find the 
matted and crisscrossed fungus threads. 




An earthstar 



Verne Morton 



2. What is the size and shape of the 
puffball? Is its surface smooth or warty? 
What is its color inside and outside? 

3. Have you ever found the giant puff- 




George F. Atkinson 

Giant puffball, Calvatia gigantea. It is not 
unusual to find these puffballs 10 to 20 inches 
in diameter. This is the largest puffball and 
is a great favorite among the edible varieties. 
In prime condition the flesh is white; it is 
edible as long as it remains white 

ball, which may become four inches to 
four feet through? Where was it growing? 
Have you ever eaten this puffball sliced 
and fried? Do you know by the looks of 
the meat when it is fit to eat? 

4. If the puffball is ripe, what is its 
color outside and in? What is the color of 
its "smoke"? Does the smoke come out 
through the broken covering of the puff- 
ball, or are there one or more special open- 
ings to allow it to escape? 

5. Puff some of the " smoke " on white 
paper and examine it with a lens. What 
do you think this dust is? Of what use is 
it to the puffball? 

6. Have you ever found what are called 
earthstars, which look like little puffballs 
set in star-shaped cups? If you find these 
note the following things: 

(a) Of what is the star-shaped base 
made? 

(b) Let this star saucer become very 
dry; how does it act? 

(c) Wet it; how does it behave then? 

(d) Where and how does the spore 
dust escape from the earthstars? 

7. For what medicinal purpose is the 
" smoke " of the puffball sometimes used? 



THE BRACKET FUNGI 

There are some naturalists who think 
that one kind of life is as good as another 
and therefore call all things good. Per- 



haps this is the only true attitude for the 
nature lover. To such the bracket-like 
fungi which appear upon the sides of our 



722 



PLANTS 




A bracket fungus 



Verne Morton 



forest and shade trees are simply an addi- 
tional beauty, a bountiful ornamentation. 
But some of us have become special plead- 
ers in our attitude toward life, and those 
of us who have come to feel the grandeur 
of tree life can but look with sorrow upon 
these fungus outgrowths, for they mean 
that the doom of the tree is sealed. 

There are many species of bracket fungi. 
Three of these are very common. The 
gray bracket, gray above and with creamy 
surface below (Polyporus applanatus), is 
a favorite for amateur etchers, who with 
a sharp point make interesting sketches 
upon this naturally prepared plate; this 
species often grows to great size and is 
frequently very old. Another species (P. 
lucidus) is in color a beautiful mahogany 
or coral-red above and has a peculiar stem 
from which it depends; the stem and 
upper surface are polished as if burnished 
and the lower surface is yellowish white. 
Another species (P. sulphureus) is sul- 
phur yellow above and below; usually 
many of these yellow brackets are grouped 
together, their fan-shaped caps overlap- 
ping. Many of the shelf fungi live only 
on dead wood, and those are an aid in 
reducing dead branches and stumps until 
they crumble and become again a part of 
the soil. However, several of the species 
attack living trees and do great damage. 
They can gain access to the living tree 
only through an injured place in the bark, 
a break caused perhaps by the wind, by a 



bruise from a falling tree, or more often 
from the hack of the careless wood-chop- 
per; often they gain entrance through an 
unhealed knot hole. To one who under- 
stands trees and loves them, these wounds 
inflicted by forces they cannot withstand 
are truly pathetic. After the wound is 
made and before the healing is accomp- 
lished, the wind may sift into the wound 
the almost omnipresent spores of these 
fungi and the work of destruction begins. 
From the spores grows the mycelium, the 
fungus threads which push into the heart 
of the wood, getting nourishment from 
it as they go. When we see wood thus 
diseased we say that it is rotting, but 
rotting merely means the yielding up of 
the body substance of the tree to these 
voracious fungus threads. They push in 
radially and then grow upward and down- 
ward, weakening the tree where it most 
needs strength to withstand the onslaught 
of the wind. Later these parasitic threads 
may reach the cambium layer, the living 
ring of the tree trunk, and kill the tree 
entirely; but many a tree has lived long 
with the fungus attacking its heartwood. 




George F. Atkinson 

A bracket fungus, Polyporus versicolor. 
This is a common form of Polyporus iound^ on 
dead wood. When wet this fungus is flexible 
but when dry it is woody, and almost brittle 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 



A bracket fungus found by Professor 
Atkinson was eighty years old; however, 
this may have shortened the life of the 
tree a century or more. 

After these fungus threads are thor- 
oughly established in the tree, they again 
seek a wound in the protecting bark where 
they may push out and build the fruiting 
organ, which we call the bracket. This 
may be at the same place where the fatal 
entry was made, or it may be far from it. 
The bracket is at first very small and is 
composed of a layer of honeycomb cells, 
closed and hard above and opening below 
cells so small that we can see the cell 
openings only with a lens. These cells are 
not hexagonal like the honeycomb, but 
are tubes packed together. Spores are de- 
veloped in each tube. Next year another 
layer of cells grows beneath this first 
bracket and extends out beyond it; each 
year it is thus added to, making it thicker 
and marking its upper surface with con- 
centric rings around the point of attach- 


















George F. Atkinson 

Oyster mushroom^ Pleurotus ostreatus 




George F. Atkinson 

This woody type of pore jungi, Gando- 
derma, usually jound growing on old wood 
has a brittle polished crust 

ment. The creamy surface of the great 
bracket fungus on which etchings are 
made is composed of a layer of these mi- 
nute spore-bearing tubes. Not all bracket 
fungi show their age by these annual 
growths, for some species form new 
shelves every year, which decay after the 
spores are ripened and shed. 

When once the mycelium of such a fun- 
gus becomes established, the tree is proba- 
bly doomed and its lumber made worth- 
less even though, as sometimes happens, 
the tree heals its wounds so that the fun- 
gus is imprisoned and can never send out 
fruiting brackets. Thus it is most impor- 
tant to teach the pupils how to protect 
trees from the attacks of these enemies, 
which are devastating our forests, and 
which sometimes attack our orchards and 
shade trees. 

As soon as a tree is bruised, the wound 
should be painted or covered with a coat 
of tar. If the wind breaks a branch, the 
splinters left hanging should be sawed off, 
leaving a smooth stump, and this should 
be painted. While ordinary paint if re- 
newed each year will suffice, experiment 
has shown that the coat of tar is better 
and should be used. 

Especially should teachers impress on 
pupils the harm done by careless hacking 
with axe or hatchet. We shall do an in- 
valuable service in the protection of our 
forests if we teach the rising generation 
the respectful treatment of trees which 




PLANTS 



George IP. Atkinson 

Edible boletus, Boletus edulis. This is a 
common 'plant in woods and open places dur- 
ing July and August. It has tubes instead of 
gills below the cap. The spores are developed 
within the tubes , as m the bracket fungi 

is due living conditions whose span of life 
may cover centuries. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
page 717. 

LESSON 200 
BRACKET FUNGI 

LEADING THOUGHT The fungi which 
we see growing shelflike from trees are 
deadily enemies to the trees. Their spores 
germinate and penetrate at some open 
wound, and the growing fungus weakens 
the wood. 

METHOD It is desirable that a tree on 
which shelf fungus grows should be 
studied by the class, for this is a lesson on 
the care of trees. After this lesson the fun- 
gus itself may be studied at leisure in the 
schoolroom. 

OBSERVATIONS i . On what kind of 
tree is the bracket fungus growing? Is it 
alive or dead? If living, does it look vigor- 
ous or is it decaying? 

2. Is the fungus bracket growing against 
the side of the tree, or does it stand out on 
a stem? 

3. Look at the place where the bracket 
joined the tree. Does it seem to be a part 
of the wood? 

4. What color is the fungus on its up- 
per surface? How large is it? How thick 



near the tree? How thick at the edge? 
Can you detect concentric layers or rings? 
If it is the large species used for etching, 
cut down through it with a knife or 
hatchet and count the layers; this should 
show its age. 

5. Look at the lower surface. How does 
it appear to the naked eye? If you scratch 
it with a pin or knife does the bruise 
show? Examine the surface with a lens 
and describe what you see. Cut or break 
the fungus and note that each of these 
holes is an opening to a little tube. In 
each of these tubes spores are borne. 

6. Have you ever seen toadstools that, 




William P. Alexander 

Bear's head fungus, Hydirum caput-ursi. 
This beautiful fungus grows in white dumps 
of irregular shape and hangs from decaying 
trees or logs like clumps^ of icicles; the spores 
are produced on teeth instead of in pores or 
gills as in many other mushrooms 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 



725 



instead of having the leaflike gills, have 
beneath the cap a porous surface like a 
little honeycomb or like the under side of 
the shelf fungi? 

7. How many kinds of shelf fungi can 
you find? Which of them is on living 
trees, and which on stumps or dead wood? 

8. If the fungus is on a living tree, then 
the tree is ruined, for the fungus threads 
have worked through it and weakened it 
so that it will break easily and is of no use 
as lumber. There must have been an open 
wound in the tree where the fungus en- 
tered; see whether you can find this 
wound. There must also have been a 
wound where the shelf grew out; see 
whether you can detect it. If the tree 
should heal all its wounds after the fun- 
gus entered, what would become of the 
fungus? 

9. What does the shelf fungus feed on? 
What part of it corresponds to the roots 
and leaves of other plants? What part may 
be compared to the flowering and fruiting 
parts of other plants? 

10. What treatment must we give trees 
to keep them free from this enemy? 

LESSON 201 
HEDGEHOG FUNGI 

There is something mysterious about 
all fungi, but perhaps none of these won- 
derful organisms so strangely impresses 
the observer as the fountain-like masses 
of creamy white or the branching white 
coral that we see growing on a dead tree 
trunk. The waiter remembers as a child 
that the finding of these woodland treas- 
ures made her feel as if she were in the 
presence of the supernatural, as if she had 
discovered a fairy grotto or a kobold cave. 
The prosaic name of hedgehog fungi has 
been applied to these exquisite growths. 
Their life story is simple enough. The 
spores falling upon dead wood start 
threads which ramify within it and feed 
on its substance, until strong enough to 
send out a fruiting organ. This consists of 
a stem, dividing into ascending branches; 
from these branches, depending like the 
stalactites in a cave, are masses of droop- 



ing spines, the surface of each bearing the 
spores. And it is so natural for these spines 
to hang earthward that they are invariably 
so placed, unless the position of the tree 
has changed since they grew. There is one 
species called the " satyr's beard/' some- 
times found on living trees, which is a 
mere bunch of downward-hanging spines; 
the coral-like species is called Hydnurn 
coraloides, and the one that looks like an 
exquisite white frozen fountain, and may 
be seen in late summer or early autumn 
growing from dead limbs or branches, is 
the bearVhead fungus; it is often eight 
inches across. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
page 717. 

OBSERVATIONS i. These fungi come 
from a stem which extends into the wood. 

2. This stern divides into many branch- 
lets. 

3. From these branchlets there hang 
long fleshy fringes like miniature icicles. 

4. These fringes always hang downward 
when the fungus is in natural position. 

5. These fringes bear the spores. 

LESSON 202 
THE SCARLET SAUCER 
(Sarcocypha coccinea) 

The heart of the child, searching the 
woods for hepaticas woods where snow 
banks still hold their ground on north 
slopes is filled with delight at finding 
these exquisite saucer-like fungi. They 
are most often found on fallen rotting 
branches which are more or less buried 
in leaves, and there are likely to be 
several of different sizes on the same stick. 
When they grow unhindered, and while 




George F. Atkinson 

The scarlet saucer, Sarcocypha coccinea 




PLANTS 



George F. Atkinson 

An edible morel, Morchella esculenta 

they are young, they are very perfectly 
saucer-shaped and range from the size of 
a pea to an inch or two across. But the 
larger they are the more likely are they to 
be distorted, either by environment or by 
the bulging of rapid growth. The under- 
side of the saucer is beautifully fleshlike 
in color and feeling, and is attached at the 
middle to the stick. The inside of the sau- 
cer is the most exquisite scarlet, shading 
to crimson. This crimson lining bears the 
spores in little sacs all over its surface. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
page 71 7. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Where did you find 
the fungus? 

2. What is the shape of the saucer? 
How large is it? Is it regular and beautiful 
or irregular and distorted? 

3. What is the color inside? 

4. What is the color outside? 

5. Turn the saucer bottom side up 
that is, scarlet side down on a piece of 
white paper, and see whether you can get 
a spore harvest. 

LESSON 203 
THE MORELS 

In May or June in open, damp places, 
such as orchards or the moist fence-cor- 
ners of meadows, the morels may be 



found. This mushroom family contains no 
member that is poisonous, and the mem- 
bers are very unlike any other family in 
appearance. They are very pretty with 
their creamy white, thick, swollen stems 
and a cap more or less conical, made up of 
the deep-celled meshes of an unequal net- 
work. The outside edges of the net- 
work are yellowish or brownish when the 
morel is young and edible, but later turn 
dark as the spores develop. In some spe- 
cies the stems are comparatively smooth 
and in others their surface is more or less 
wrinkled. The spores are borne in the de- 
pressions of the network. These mush- 
rooms should not be eaten after the cells 
change from creamy white to brownish. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
page 717. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Where did you find 
the morels? 

2. Describe the stem. Is it solid or hol- 
low? Is it smooth or rough? 

3. What is the shape of the cap? How 
does it look? What color is the outer edge 
of the network? What is the color within 
the meshes? 




Stinkhorns 



George P. Atkinson 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 



727 



4. Take one of these fungi, lay it on a 
sheet of white paper, and note the color 
of the spores. 

LESSON 204 
THE STINKHOKNS 

To give a nature-study lesson on the 
stinkhorn is quite out of the question, for 
the odor of these strange growths is so 
nauseating that even to come near to one 
of them in the garden is a disagreeable 
experience. The reason for mentioning 
them at all is because of the impression 
made by them that most mushrooms are 
ill smelling, which is a slander. 

It is a pity that these fungi are so offen- 
sive that we do not care to come near 
enough to them to admire them, for they 
are most interesting in appearance. The 
scientific name of our commonest genus 
when translated means " the net bear- 
ers/' and it is a most appropriate name. 
The stout, white stem is composed of net- 
work without and within. The outer cov- 
ering of the stem seems to tear loose from 
the lower portion as the stem elongates, 
and is lifted so that it hangs as a veil 
around the bottom of the bell-shaped cap, 
which is always covered with a pitted net- 
work. The mycelium, or spawn, of the 
stinkhorn consists of strands which push 
their way through the ground or through 
the decaying vegetable matter on which 



they feed. On these strands are produced 
the' stinkhorns, which at first look like 
eggs; but later the top of the egg is broken, 
and the strange horn-shaped fungus 
pushes up through it. The spores are 
borne in the chambers of the cap, and 
when ripe the substance of these cham- 
bers dissolves into a thick liquid in which 
the spores float. The flies are attracted by 
the fetid odor and come to feast upon 
these fungi and to lay their eggs within 
them, and incidentally they carry the 
spores away on their brushy feet, and thus 
help to spread the species. 

SUGGESTED READING Readings on 
page 717. 




George F. Atkinson 

Bird's nest fungi 



MOLDS 



It is lucky for our peace of mind that 
our eyes are not provided with micro- 
scopic lenses, for then we should know 
that the dust, which seems to foregather 
upon our furniture from nowhere, is com- 
posed of all sorts of germs, many of them 
of the deadly kind. The spores of mold 
are very minute objects, the spore cases 
being the little white globes, not larger 
than the head of a small pin, which we see 
upon mold; yet each of these spore cases 
breaks and lets out into the world thou- 
sands of spores, each one ready to start a 
growth of mold and perfectly able to do 



it under the right conditions; almost any 
substance which we use for food, if placed 
in a damp and rather dark place y will prove 
a favorable situation for the development 
of the spore, which swells, bursts its wall, 
and sends out a short thread. This gains 
nourishment, grows longer, and branches, 
sending out many threads, some of which 
go down into the nutritive material and 
are called the mycelium. While these 
threads, in a way, act like roots, they are 
not true roots. Presently the tip ends of 
the threads, which are spread out in the 
air above the bread or other material, be- 



728 



PLANTS 



gin to enlarge, forming little gobules; the 
substance (protoplasm) within them 
breaks up into little round bodies, and 
each develops a cell wall and thus becomes 
a spore. When these are unripe they are 
white, but later they become almost black. 
In the blue mold the spores are borne in 
clusters of chains, and resemble tiny tas- 




Bread mold 

sels instead of growing within little glob- 
ular sacs. 

Molds, mildews, blights, rusts, and 
smuts are all flowerless plants and, with 
the mushrooms, belong to the great group 
of fungi. Molds and mildews will grow 
upon almost any organic substance, if the 
right conditions of moisture are present, 
and the temperature is not too cold. 

Molds of several kinds may appear upon 
the bread used in the experiments for this 
lesson. Those most likely to appear are 
the bread mold consisting of long, 
white threads tipped with white, globu- 
lar spore cases, and the green cheese mold 
which looks like thick patches of blue- 
green powder. Two others may appear, 
one a smaller white mold with smaller 
spore cases, and the other a black mold. 
However, the bread mold is the one most 
desirable for this lesson, because of its 
comparatively large size. When examined 
with a lens, it is a most exquisite plant. 
The long threads are fringed at the sides, 
and they pass over and through each 
other, making a web fit for fairies a web 
all beset with the spore cases, like fairy 
pearls. However, as the spores ripen, these 
spore cases turn black, and after a time so 



many of them are developed and ripened 
that the whole mass of mold is black. The 
time required for the development of 
mold varies with the temperature. For two 
or three days nothing may seem to be hap- 
pening upon the moist bread; then a 
queer, soft whiteness appears in patches. 
In a few hours or perhaps during the 
night, these white patches send up white 
fuzz which is soon dotted with tiny pearl- 
like spore cases. At first there is no odor 
when the glass is lifted from the saucer, 
but after the spores ripen, the odor is 
quite disagreeable. 

The special point to teach the children 
in this lesson is that dryness and sunlight 
are unfavorable to the development of 
mold; and it might be well to take one of 
the luxuriant growths of mold developed 
in the dark, uncover it and place it in 
the sunlight, and see how soon it withers. 
The lesson should also impress upon them 
that dust is composed, in part, of living 
germs waiting for a chance to grow. 

SUGGESTED READING The Book of 
Plants, by Bertha M. Parker and Henry C. 
Cowles; Fields and Fencerows, by Walter 
P. Porter and Einar A. Hansen; Nature 
and Science Readers, by Edith M. Patch 
and Harrison E. Howe, Book 4, Through 
Four Seasons. 

LESSON 205 
MOLDS 

LEADING THOUGHT The spores of 
mold are everywhere and help to make 
what we call dust. These spores will grow 
on any substance which gives them nour- 
ishment, if the temperature is warm, the 
air is moist, and the sunlight is excluded. 

METHOD Take bread in slices two 
inches square, and also the juice of apple 
sauce or other stewed fruit. Have each 
pupil, or the one who does the work for 
the class, provided with tumblers and 
saucers. Use four pieces of bread cut in 
about two-inch squares, each placed on a 
saucer; moisten two and leave the other 
two dry. With a feather or the finger 
take some dust from the woodwork of the 
room or the furniture and with it lightly 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 



729 



touch each piece of bread. Cover each 
with a tumbler. Set one of the moistened 
pieces in a warm, dark place and the other 
in a dry, sunny place. Place a dry piece in 
similar situations. Let the pupils examine 
these every two or three days. 

Put fruit juice in a saucer ? scatter a little 
dust over it and set it in a warm, dark 
place. Take some of the same, do not scat- 
ter any dust upon it, cover it safely with a 
tumbler, and put it in the same place as 
the other. A lens is necessary for this les- 
son, and it is much more interesting for 
the pupils if they can see the mold under 
a microscope with a three-fourths objec- 
tive. 

OBSERVATIONS i . When does the 
mold begin to appear? Which piece of 
bread showed it first? Describe the first 
changes you noticed. What is the color of 
the mold at first? Has it any odor? 

2. At what date did the little branching 
mold threads with round dots appear? Is 
there an odor when these appear? What 
are the colors of the dots, or spore cases, 
at first? When do these begin to change 
color? How does the bread smell then? 
What caused the musty odor? 

3. Did the mold fail to appear on any 
of the pieces of bread? If so, where were 



these placed? Were they moist? Were 
they exposed to the sunlight? 

4. Did more than one kind of mold 
appear on the bread? If so, how do you 
know that they are different kinds? Are 
there any pink or yellow patches on the 
bread? If so, these are made by bacteria 
and not by mold. 

5. From the results of the experiments, 
describe in what temperature mold grows 
best; in what conditions of dryness or 
moisture? Does it flourish in the sunlight 
or in the dark? 

6. Where does the mold come from? 
What harm does it do? What should we 
do to prevent the growth of mold? Name 
all of the things on which you have seen 
mold or mildew growing. 

7. Examine the mold through a micro- 
scope or a lens. Describe the threads. De- 
scribe the little round spore cases. Look 
at some of the threads that have grown 
down into the fruit juice. Are they like the 
ones which grow in the air? 

8. If you have a microscope cut a bit of 
the mold off, place it in a drop of water on 
a glass slide, and put on a cover glass. Ex- 
amine the mold with a three-fourths ob- 
jective, and describe the spores and spore 



cases. 



BACTERIA 



The yellow, pink, or purple spots devel- 
oped upon the moist and moldy bread 
may be caused by bacteria and yeast. Bac- 
teria are one-celled organisms; they are 
the smallest known living things, and can 
be seen only through a high-power micro- 
scope. 

Bacteria are found almost everywhere 
in the soil, on foods and fruits, in the 
water of ponds, streams, and wells, in the 
mouths and stomachs of all animals, and 
in fact in almost all possible places. They 
occur also in the air. Most of them are 
harmless, some of them are useful, and 
many produce disease in both plants and 
animals, including man. 

What bacteria do would require many 
large volumes to enumerate. Some of 



them develop colors or pigments; some 
produce gases, often ill-smelling; some are 
phosphorescent; some take nitrogen from 
the air and fix it in the soil; some produce 
putrefaction; and some produce disease. 
Nearly all of the contagious diseases are 
produced by bacteria. Diphtheria, scarlet 
fever, typhoid fever, tuberculosis, influ- 
enza, grippe, colds, cholera, lockjaw, lep- 
rosy, blood poisoning, and many other 
diseases are thought to be the result of 
bacteria. On the other hand, many of the 
bacteria are beneficial to man. Some forms 
ripen the cream before churning, others 
give flavor to butter; some are an absolute 
necessity in making cheese. The making 
of cider into vinegar is the work of bac- 
teria; some help to decompose the dead 



73 



PLANTS 



bodies of animals, so that they return to 
the dust whence they came. 

We have in our blood little cells whose 
business it is to destroy the harmful bac- 
teria which get into the blood. These lit- 
tle fighting cells move everywhere with 
our blood, and if we keep healthy and vigo- 
rous by right living, right food, and ex- 
ercise, these cells may prove strong enough 
to kill the disease germs before they harm 
us. Direct sunlight also kills some of the 
bacteria. Exposure to the air is also a help 
in subduing disease germs. Bichloride of 
mercury, carbolic acid, formaldehyde, and 
burning sulphur also kill germs. We can 
do much to protect ourselves from harm- 
ful bacteria by being very clean in our per- 
sons and in our homes, by bathing fre- 
quently, and washing often with soap. We 



Experiment C shows the way the de- 
structive bacteria attack the potato. The 
discolored spots show where the decay 
begins, and the odor is suggestive of decay. 
If a potato thus attacked is put in the 
bright sunlight the bacteria are destroyed, 
and this indicates a value of sunshine. 

SUGGESTED READING The Book of 
Plants, by Bertha M. Parker and Henry C. 
Cowles; Nature and Science Readers, by 
Edith M. Patch and Harrison E. Howe, 
Book 4, Through Four Seasons. 

LESSON 206 
BACTERIA 

LEADING THOUGHT Bacteria are such 
small plants that we cannot see them 
without the aid of a microscope, but they 



W 






1, A bacillus which causes cholera. 2, A ba- 
cillus which causes typhoid. 3, A bacillus 
found in sewage 

All these are much enlarged 

should eat only pure and freshly cooked 
food, we should get plenty of sleep and 
admit the sunlight to our homes; we 
should spend all the time possible in the 
open air and be careful to drink pure 
water. If we are not sure that the water is 
pure, it should be boiled for twenty min- 
utes and then cooled for drinking. 

In Experiment A the milk vials and the 
corks are all boiled, so that we may be 
sure that no other bacteria than the ones 
we chose are present, since boiling kills 
these germs. As soon as the milk becomes 
discolored we know that it is full of bac- 
teria. 

Experiment B shows that bacteria can 
be transplanted to gelatin, which is a ma- 
terial favorable for their growth. But the 
point of this experiment is to show the 
child that a soiled finger will have upon it 
germs which, by growing, cloud the gela- 
tin. They should thus learn the value of 
washing their hands often or of keeping 
their fingers out of their mouths. 



4, Bacteria from tubercle on white sweet 
clover, much enlarged. 5 and 6, Bacteria of 
lactic acid ferments in ripening of cheese, 
much enlarged 

can be planted and will grow. The object 
of this lesson is to enforce cleanliness. 

METHOD EXPERIMENT A The bread 
used for the mold experiment is likely to 
develop spots of yellow, red, or purple 
upon it, and cultures from these spots 
may be used in this lesson as follows : Take 
some vials, boil them and their corks, and 
nearly fill them with milk that has been 
boiled. Take the head of a pin or hairpin, 
sterilize the point by holding in a flame, 
let it cool, touch one of the yellow spots 
on the bread with the point, being careful 
to touch nothing else, and thrust the point 
with the bacteria on it into the milk; then 
cork the vials. 

EXPERIMENT B Prepare gelatin as for 
the table but do not sweeten. Pour some 
of this gelatin on clean plates or saucers. 
After it has cooled let one of the children 
touch lightly the gelatin in one saucer for 
a few seconds with his soiled finger. Note 
the place. Ask him to wash his hands 
thoroughly with soap and then apply a 



FLOWERLESS PLANTS 



731 



finger to the surface of the gelatin in the 
other plate. Cover both plates to keep out 
the dust and leave them for two or three 
days in a dark place. The plates touched 
by the soiled finger will show a clouded 
growth in the gelatin; the other plate will 
show a few irregular, scattered growths or 
none. 

EXPERIMENT C Take a slice of boiled 
potato, place it in a saucer, leave it uncov- 
ered for a time or blow dust upon it, label 
it with the date, then cover it with a tum- 
bler to keep it from drying and place it in 
a cool, somewhat dark place. 

The pupils should examine all these 
cultures every day and make the following 
notes: 

EXPERIMENT A How soon did you 
observe a change in the color of the milk? 
How can you tell when the milk is full of 
the bacteria? How do you know that the 
bacteria in the milk were transplanted by 
the pin? 

EXPERIMENT B Can you see that the 
gelatin is becoming clouded where the 
soiled finger touched it? This is a growth 
of the bacteria which were on the soiled 
finger. 

EXPERIMENT C What change has 
taken place in the appearance of the slice 
of potato? Are there any spots growing 
upon it? What is the odor? What makes 
the spots? Describe the shape of the spots. 
The color. Are any of them pimple- 
shaped? Make a drawing of the slice of po- 
tato showing the bacteria spots. What 
are the bacteria doing to the potato? Take 
a part of the slice of potato with the bac- 
teria spots upon it, and put it in the sun- 
shine. What happens? Compare this with 
the part kept in the dark. 

After this lesson the children should 
be asked the following questions: 

1. Why should the hands always be 
washed before eating? 

2. Why should the fingernails be kept 
clean? 

3. Why should we never bite the 
fingernails or put the fingers in the 
mouth? 

4. Why should we never put coins in 
the mouth? 



5. Why should wounds be carefully 
cleansed and dressed at once? 

6. Why should clothing, furniture, and 
the house be kept free from dust? 

7. Why should house cleaning be done 
as far as possible without raising dust? 

8. Why are hardwood floors more 
healthful than carpets? 

9. Why is a damp cloth better than a 
dry duster for removing dust? 

10. Why should the prohibition against 
spitting in public places be strictly en- 
forced? 

11. Why should the dishes, clothes, 
and other articles used by sick persons be 
kept distinctly separate from those used 
by well members of the family? 

12. Why should food not be exposed 
for sale on the street? 

13. Why, during an epidemic of such 
a disease as typhoid fever, should water be 
boiled before drinking? 

This habit of looting first at what we 
call the beauty of objects is closely asso- 
ciated with the old conceit that every- 
thing is made to please man: man is only 
demanding his own. It is true that every- 
thing is man's because he may use it or 
enjoy it, but not because it was designed 
and " made " for " him " in the beginning. 
This notion that all things were made for 
man's special pleasure is colossal self-as- 
surance. It has none of the humility of the 
psalmist, who exclaimed, " What is man, 
that thou art mindful of him? " 

"What were these things made for, 
then? " asked my friend. Just for them- 
selves/ Each thing lives for itself and its 
Icind, and to live is worth the effort of liv- 
ing for man or bug. But there are more 
homely reasons for believing that things 
were not made for man alone. There was 
logic in the farmer's retort to the good 
man who told him that roses were made 
to make man happy. " No, they wa'n't," 
said the farmer, " or they wouldn't a had 
prickers." A teacher aslced me what snakes 
are " good for." Of course there is but one 
answer; they are good to be snakes. 

" THE NATURE-STUDY IDEA/' 
L. H. BAILEY 



PART IV 
EARTH AND SKY 



EARTH AND SKY 

SUGGESTED READING Along the Hill, L. Beauchamp and Co-authors, Books i, 

by Carroll Lane Fenton; Autobiography 2, 3; The Story of a Billion Years, by W. 

of the Earth, by John H. Bradley; The O. Hotchkiss; The Story of Earth and Sky," 

Boys' Book of the Earth, by Sidney A. byCarletonW.WashburneandHeluizC! 

Small; The Earth Changes, by Jannette Washburne; The Story of Earthquakes 

M. Lucas; The First Book of the Earth, by and Volcanoes, by Gaylord Johnson; 

Harold O. Rugg and Louise Krueger; Stories in Stone, by Willis T. Lee; The 

Nature and Science Readers, Edith M. Strange Adventures of a Pebble, by F. B. 

Patch and Harrison E. Howe, Books 3, 4, Atkinson (Hallam Hawksworth, pseud.); 

5, 6; Old Mother Earth, by Kirtley F. This Earth of Ours, by Jean-Henri d 

Mather; Our Planet the Earth; Then and Fabre; Our Amazing Earth, by Carroll 

Now, by Lillian Rifkin; Pathways in Sci- Lane Fenton; additional references are to 

ence, by Gerald S. Craig and Co-authors, be found in the bibliography at the end 

Books 2 to 6; Science Stories, by Wilbur of this Handbook. 



THE BROOK 



Little broolc, sing a song of a leaf that sailed along, 

Down the golden braided center of your current swift and strong. 

- J. W. RlLEY 



A brook is undoubtedly the most fasci- 
nating bit of geography which the child 
encounters; and yet how few children who 
happily play in the brook wading, mak- 
ing dams, drawing out the crayfish by his 
own grip from his lurking place under 
the log, or watching schools of tiny min- 
nows ever dream that they are dealing 
with real geography. The geography les- 
son on the brook should not be given for 
the purpose of making work out of play, 
but to conserve all the natural interest in 
the brook, and to add to it by revealing 
other and more interesting facts concern- 
ing the brook. A child who thus studies it 
will master some of the fundamental facts 
of physical geography, so that ever after 
he will know and understand all streams, 
whether they are brooks or rivers. An in- 
teresting time to study a brook is after 
a rain; and May or October gives attractive 
surroundings for the study. However, 
the work should be continued now and 
then during the entire year, for each 
season gives it some new features of in- 
terest. 

Each brook has its own history, which 
can be revealed only to the eyes of those 
who follow it from its beginning to where 
it empties its water into a larger stream or 
pond. At its source the brook usually is 
a small stream with narrow banks; not 
until it receives water from surrounding 
slopes does it gain enough power to cut 
its bed deep in the earth. Where it flows 
with swift current down a hillside, it cuts 
its bed deeper, because swift-moving water 
has great power for cutting and carrying 
away the soil. However, if the hillside 
happens to be in the woods, the roots of 
trees or bushes will help to keep the soil 



from being washed away. Unless there are 
obstacles, the course of the brook is likely 
to be more direct in flowing down a hill- 
side than when crossing level fields. The 
delightful way in which brooks meander 
across level areas is due to some obstruc- 
tion, such as a tree, a stone, or a bunch 
of grass or shrubs, which interferes more 
with the movement of water on a plain 
than on a hillside. Gravity, which forever 
pulls water down a steep slope, acts upon 
it less forcibly on gently sloping or nearly 
level lands. After a stream has thus started 
its crooked course, in time of flood the 
current strikes with great force on the 
outside of the curves, thereby cutting 
them back and making the stream course 
still more crooked. The places on the 
banks where the soil is bare and exposed 
to the force of the current are the points 
where the banks are cut most rapidly at 
flood time. 

But the brook is not simply an object to 
look at and admire; it is a very busy worker, 
its chief labor being that of a digger and 
carrier. When it is not carrying anything 
that is, when its waters are perfectly 
clear the stream is doing the least work. 
The poets, as well as common people, 
speak of the playing of the brook when 
its limpid waters catch the sunbeams on 
their dimpling surface; but when the 
waters are roily, the brook is working very 
hard. This usually occurs after a rain, 
which adds much more water to the vol- 
ume of the brook; the action of gravity 
upon this larger volume forces it to flow 
more swiftly, and every drop in the stream 
that touches the bank or bottom snatches 
up a tiny load of earth and carries it along. 
And every drop thus laden, when it strikes 



THE BROOK 



737 



against a corner of the bank, tears more 
soil loose through the impact, and other 
drops snatch it up and carry it on down 
the stream. Thus, after a time there are 
so many drops carrying loads and bump- 
ing along, knocking loose more earth, that 
the whole brook, which is made up of 
drops, looks muddy. In its work as a dig- 
ger, every- drop of water that touches the 
soil at the bottom or on the banks of 
the brook uses its own little load of earth 
or gravel as a crowbar or pickaxe to loosen 
other bits of dirt and gravel; and all the 
drops hastening on, working hard to- 
gether, cut the channel of the brook wider 
and deeper. In some steep places, so many 
of the drops are working together that 
they are able to pick up pebbles or stones, 
with which they batter and tear down 
larger pieces of the bank and scrape out 
greater holes in the bottom of the stream. 
And when the drops have torn loose a 
rock or a pebble, they do not merely carry 
it; they pound and grind it with other 
rocks and pebbles, wearing away its sharp 
edges and breaking it into smaller and 
smaller pieces, until it may finally be a 
rock or a pebble no longer, but only a 
powder as fine as flour. On and on the 
brook flows, a gang of workers each of 
which is using its own load as a tool, 
all in close procession, and working dou- 
ble quick. But as soon as the brook 
reaches a plain or level, it slows down 
and the drops act tired; they have no 
ambition to pick up more soil, and each 
lets fall its own load as soon as possible, 
dropping the larger pieces of gravel and 
rock first, carrying the finer soil farther, 
but finally letting that down also. If we 
examine the sediment of a flooded brook, 
we find that the gravel is always dropped 
first, and that the fine mud is carried 
farthest before it is deposited. 

The roar of a flooded stream is very 
different from the murmur of its waters 
when they are low. It is not to be won- 
dered at, when we once think of all that 
is going on in the brook during periods 
of flood. There are some simple experi- 
ments to show what the force of water 
can do when turned against the soil. Pour 



water from a pitcher into a bed of soft 
soil, and note how quickly a hole will be 
made; if the pitcher is held near the soil, 
a smaller hole will be formed than if the 
pitcher is held high up; this shows that 




The brook. Its snowbank source, its tools } and 
its workshop 

the farther the water falls, the greater is 
its force. This explains why the banks of 
streams are undermined when a strong 
current is driven against them. The swift 
current, of course, tears away more earth 
at bends and curves than when it is flow- 
ing in a straight line; for ordinarily, when 
flowing straight, the current is swiftest 



738 

in the bed of the stream, and is therefore 
only digging at the bottom; but when it 
flows around curves, it is directed against 
the banks, and therefore has much more 
surface to work upon. Thus it is that bends 
are cut deeper and deeper. If the bare arm 
is thrust into a flooded brook, we find 



EARTH AND SKY 




Even the large stones along the bank were 
probably brought there by the brook when 
it was working hard. When it works hard 
again, it may carry them somewhere else 

that many pieces of gravel strike against 
it; and if we reach the bottom, we can feel 
the pebbles being moved along over the 
brook bed. 

LESSON 207 
THE BROOK 

LEADING THOUGHT The water from 
the little brook near our school is flowing 
toward the ocean, and is meanwhile dig- 
ging out and carrying along with it the 
soil through which it flows. 

METHOD The best time to study a 
brook is after a rain ? and October or May 
is an interesting time for beginning this 
lesson. The work should be continued dur- 
ing the entire year. It may be done at 
noon or recess, if the brook is near at 
hand; or there may be excursions after 
school, if the brook is at some distance. 
The observations should be made by the 
class as a whole. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Does the brook 
have its source in a spring or a swamp, 
or does it receive its water as drainage from 
surrounding hills? Follow it back to its 
very beginning. Do you find this in open 



fields or in woods? Is the land about it 
level, or does it slope? 

2. Are its banks deeper at the begin- 
ning, or is the brook at first almost on 
a level with the surrounding fields? Do 
the banks become deeper farther from the 
source? Are the banks higher where the 
brook flows down hill, or where it is on 
a level? 

3. Is the course of the brook more 
crooked on a hillside or when it is flowing 
through a level area? Are the banks more 
worn away and steep where the brook 
flows through woods or bushes than 
where it is flowing through the open 
fields? 

4. Can you find the places where the 
water is cutting the banks most, when 
the brook is flooded? Why does it cut the 
banks at these particular points? 

5. Into what stream, pond, or lake does 
the brook flow? If you should launch a 
toy boat upon the waters of this brook, 
and it should keep afloat, through what 
streams would it pass to reach the ocean? 
Through what townships, counties, states, 
or countries would it pass? 

6. When is the brook working and 
when is it playing? What is the difference 
between the color of the water ordinarily 
and when the brook is flooded? What 
causes this difference? 

7. Make the following experiment to 
show what the brook is carrying after a 
storm when the water is roily. Dip from 
the swift portion of the stream a glass 
fruit jar full of water. Place it on a win- 
dow sill and do not disturb it until the 
water is clear. How much sediment has 
settled at the bottom of the jar? Where 
was this sediment when you dipped up 
the water? If this quart of water could 
carry so much soil or sediment, how much, 
do you think, would the whole brook 
carry? 

8. Where did the brook get the soil 
to make the water roily? Study its banks 
in order to answer this question. Do you 
think the soil in the water came from the 
banks that are covered by vegetation or 
from those which are bare? 

9. How did the brook pick up the soil 



THE BROOK 



739 



that it carried when it was flooded? Do 
you think that one of the tools the brook 
digs with is the current? Try to find 
a place where the swift current strikes the 
bank, and note if the latter is being worn 
away. 

10. Does the swift current take more 
soil where it is flowing straight, or where 
there are sharp bends? How are the bends 
in the brook or creek made? 

11. Thrust your bare hand or arm into 
the swift current of the brook when it is 
flooded. Do you feel the gravel strike 
against your arm or hand? Wade in the 
water. As the pebbles are being rolled 
along the bed of the stream, do you feel 
them strike against your feet or legs? 

12. Does the water, loaded with soil 
and pebbles, dig into the banks more 
vigorously than just the water alone could 
do? Which washes away more earth and 
carries it downstream a fast or a slow 
current? 

13. Does the brook flow fastest when 
its waters are low or high? When the 
brook is at its highest flood, do you 
think it is working the hardest? If so, 
explain why. When it is working the 
hardest and carrying most soil and gravel, 
does it make a different sound than when 
it is flowing slowly and its waters are 
clear? 



14. How does the brook look when it is 
doing the least amount of work possible? 

15. Make a map of your brook showing 
every pool, indicating the places where 
the current is swiftest, and showing the 
bends in its course. To test the rapidity of 
the current, put something afloat on it 
and measure how far it will go in a minute. 

16. How many kinds of trees, bushes, 
and plants grow along the banks of your 
brook? How many kinds of fish and in- 
sects do you find living in it? How many 
kinds of birds do you see frequently 
near it? 

A BROOK PUZZLE FOR PUPILS TO SOLVE 
When we have a load to carry we go 
slowly because we are obliged to; and the 
heavier the load, the slower we go. On the 
other hand, when we wish to run very 
swiftly we drop the load so as not to be 
weighted down; when college or high 
school boys run races in athletic games, 
they do not wear even their ordinary 
clothing, but dress as lightly as possible; 
they also train severely so that they do 
not have to carry any more flesh on their 
bones than is necessary. How is it that in 
the case of a brook just the opposite is 
true? The faster the brook runs, the more 
it can carry; and the heavier it becomes the 
faster it runs; and the faster it runs the 
more work it can do. 



LIFE IN THE BROOK 



By any body of water, whether brook, 
river, pond, lake, canal, or sea, there will 
be found many kinds of plant and animal 
life, which constitute a wealth of nature 
material. The plant life is somewhat dif- 
ferent from that which grows far away 
from bodies of water; the forms of animal 
life vary with the quantity and condition 
of the water. 

All bodies of water serve as highways, 
over which not only man but other ani- 
mals travel from one region to another. 
Even many birds follow watercourses in 
their migrations. Plants growing along 
a watercourse often have their seeds car- 
ried by the water and dropped at points 



many miles downstream. The seeds of 
plants growing near large bodies of wa- 
ter may be carried by waves to distant 
shores. 

Information about many forms of life 
occurring in or near water may be found in 
the parts of this book dealing with plants 
and animals. 

SUGGESTED READING Along the Brook, 
by Raymond T. Fuller; also, readings on 
pages 144 and 400. 

In the bottom of the valley is a brook 
that saunters between oozing banks. It 
falls over stones and dips under fences. 
It marks an open place on the face of the 




EARTH AND SKY 



In such a situation may be found many kinds 
of plant and animal life 

earth, and the trees and soft herbs bend 
their branches into the sunlight. The 
hangbird swings her nest over it. Mossy 
logs are crumbling into it. There are still 
pools where the minnows play. The brook 
runs away and away into the forest. As a 
boy I explored it but never found its 
source. It came somewhere from the Be- 
yond and its name was Mystery. 



The mystery of this brook was its chang- 
ing moods. It had its own way of recording 
the passing of the weeks and months. I 
remember never to have seen it twice in 
the same mood, nor to have got the same 
lesson from it on two successive days: yet, 
with all its variety, it always left that same 
feeling of mystery and that same vague 
longing to follow to its source and to know 
the great world that I was sure must lie 
beyond. I felt that the brook was greater 
and wiser than I. It became my teacher. 
I wondered how it knew when March 
came, and why its round of life recurred 
so regularly with the returning seasons. I 
remember that I was anxious for the spring 
to come, that I might see it again. I 
longed for the earthy smell when the snow 
settled away and left bare brown margins 
along its banks. I watched for the suckers 
that came up from the river to spawn. I 
made a note when the first frog peeped. 
I waited for the unfolding spray to soften 
the bare trunks. I watched the greening 
of the banks and looked eagerly for the 
bluebird when I heard his curling note 
somewhere high in the air. 

"THE NATURE-STUDY IDEA," 
L. H. BAILEY 



HOW A BROOK DROPS ITS LOAD 



The brook is most discriminating in 
the way it takes up its burdens, and also 
in the way it lays them down. With quite 
superhuman wisdom, it selects the light- 
est material first, leaving the heaviest to 
the last; and when depositing the load, it 
promptly drops the heaviest part first. 
And thus the flowing waters of the earth 
are eternally lifting, selecting, and sifting 
the soils on its surface. 

The action of rain upon the surface of 
the ground is in itself an excellent lesson 
in erosion. If there is on a hillside a bit of 
bare ground which has been recently culti- 
vated or graded, we can plainly see, after 
a heavy rain, where the finer material has 
been sorted out and carried away, leaving 
the larger gravel and stones. And if we 



examine the pools in the brook, we shall 
find deltas as well as many examples of the 
way the soil is sifted as it is dropped. The 
water of a rill flowing through pasture 
and meadow is clear, even after a hard 
rain. This is owing, not so much to the 
fact that the roots hold the banks of 
the brook firmly, as that the grass on the 
surface of the ground acts as a mulch and 
protects the soil from the erosive impact 
of the raindrops. On the other hand, and 
for a reverse reason, a rill through plowed 
ground is muddy. On a hillside, therefore, 
contour plowing is practiced that is ? 
plowing crosswise the hillside instead of 
up and down. When the furrow is carried 
crosswise, the water after showers can 
not dash away, carrying off in it all the 



THE BROOK 



74 1 



finer and more fertile portions of the soil. 
There are many instances in our southern 
states where this difference in the direc- 
tion of plowing has saved or destroyed the 
fertility of hillside farms. 

The little experiment suggested at the 
beginning of the following lesson should 
show the pupils clearly the following 
points: It is through motion that water 
takes up soil and holds it in suspension. 
The tendency of still water is to drop all 
the load which it is carrying, and it drops 
the heaviest part first. We find the peb- 
bles at the bottom of the jar, the sand 
and gravel next, and the fine mud on top. 
The water may become perfectly clear 
in the jar and yet, when stirred a little, 
it will become roily again because of the 
movement. Every child who wades in a 
brook knows that the edges and the still 
pools are more comfortable for the feet 
than is the center of the stream under 
the swift current. This is because, where 
the water is less swift at the sides, it de- 
posits its mud and makes a soft bottom; 
while under the swifter part of the cur- 
rent, mud is washed away leaving the 
larger stones bare. For the same reason, 
the bottom of a stream crossing a level 
field is soft, because the silt, washed down 
from the hills by the swift current, is 
dropped when the waters come to a more 
quiet place. If the pupils can build across 
a stony brook a dam that will hold for 
two or three months in the fall or spring 
when the brook is flooded, they will be 
able to note that the stones will soon be 
more or less covered with soft mud; for 
the dam, stopping the current, causes the 
water to drop its load of silt. It would have 
to be a very recently made pool in a 
stream which would not have a soft mud 
bottom. The water at times of flood is 
forced to the side of the streams in eddies; 
its current is thus checked, and its load 
of mud dropped. 

It should be noted that at points where 
the brook is narrowest the current is swift- 
est, and where the current is swiftest the 
bottom is more stony. Also, where there 
is a bend in the stream, the brook digs 
deeper into the bank where it strikes the 




W. G. Pierce, U. S. Geological Survey 

A meandering stream. In time of flood, this 
stream brought down much of the soil of the 
flood plain through which it wanders 

curve, and much of the soil thus washed 
out is removed to the other side of the 
stream where the current is very slow, and 
there is dropped. If possible, note that 
where a muddy stream empties into a 
pond or lake, the waters of the latter are 
made roily for some distance out, but 
beyond this the water remains clear. The 
pupils should be made to see that the 
swift current of the brook is checked when 
its waters empty into a pond or lake, and 
because of this they drop their load. This 
happens year after year, and a point ex- 
tending out into the lake or pond is thus 
built up. In this manner the great river 
deltas are formed. 

LESSON 208 
How A BROOK DROPS ITS LOAD 

LEADING THOUGHT The brook carries 
its load only when it is flowing rapidly. As 
soon as the current is checked, it drops the 
larger stones and gravel first and then the 
finer sediment. It is thus that deltas are 
built up where streams empty into lakes 
and ponds. 

METHOD Study the rills made in 
freshly graded soil directly after a heavy 
rain. Ask the pupils individually to make 
observations on the flooded brook. 

EXPERIMENT Take a glass fruit jar 
nearly full of water from the brook, add 
gravel and small stones from the bed of 
the brook, sand from its borders, and mud 



742 



EARTH AND SKY 



from its quiet pools. Have it brought into 
the schoolroom, and shake it thoroughly. 
Then place it in a window and ask the pu- 
pils to observe the following things: 

( a ) Does the mud begin to settle while 
the water is in motion; that is 7 while it is 
being shaken? 

(b) As soon as it is quiet, does the set- 
tling process begin? 

(c) Which settles first the pebbles, 
the sand, or the mud? Which settles on 
top that is, which settles last? 

(d) Notice that as long as the water 
is in the least roily, it means that the soil 
in it has not all settled; if the water is dis- 
turbed even a little it becomes roily again, 
which means that as soon as the water is 
in motion it takes up its load. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Where is the cur- 
rent swiftest, in the middle or at the side 
of the stream? 

2. What is the difference, in the bot- 
tom of the brook, between the place be- 
low the swift current and the edges? That 
is, if you were wading in the brook, where 
would it be more comfortable for your 
feet at the sides or in the swiftest part 
of the current? Why? 

3. Does the brook have a more stony 
bed where it flows down a hillside than 
where it flows through a level place? 



4. Place a dam across your brook where 
the bottom is stony, and note how soon it 
will have a soft mud bottom. Why is this? 

5. Can you find a still pool in your 
brook that has not a soft, muddy bottom? 
Why is this? 

6. Does the brook flow more swiftly in 
the steep and narrow places than in the 
wide portions and where it is dammed? 

7. Do you think if water, flowing 
swiftly and carrying a load of mud, were 
to come to a wider or more level place, 
like a pool or millpond dam, that it would 
drop some of its load? Why? 

8. If the water flows less swiftly along 
the edges than in the middle, would this 
make the bottom below softer and more 
comfortable to the feet than where the 
current is swiftest? If so, why? 

9. If you can see the place where a 
brook empties into a pond or lake, how 
does it make the waters of the latter look 
after a storm? What is the water of the 
brook doing to give this appearance, and 
why? 

10. What becomes of the soil dropped 
by the brook as it enters a pond or lake? 
Do you know of any points of land ex- 
tending out into a lake or pond where the 
stream enters it? What is the delta of a 
stream? 



ROCKS AND MINERALS 
REVISED BY H. RIES 

Professor of Geology in Cornell University 




J. K. Hillers, U. S. Geological Survey 

Rock showing glacial strice the scratches made by other rocks and gravel carried in the ice 



Any brook or stream which you may 
have observed has doubtless been rolling 
on its way for countless ages; and, however 
small and insignificant its appearance, it 
has probably caused great changes in the 
countryside through which it flows. Some- 
where along its course it may have cut 
deep gorges; and where it empties into 
a lake or into another stream, it may 
have built out great points or sandbars. 
Through all these years, it has been carry- 
ing with it great masses of the materials 
which it excavates, transports, and rede- 
posits, and it will probably continue to do 
so for centuries to come. 

In a general way, the materials that it 



carries are of two types, coarse and fine, 
the first consisting of rocks, pebbles, and 
sand, and the second of silty and clayey 
substances. Both of these types, and the 
brook's way with them, are of great im- 
portance to human life. 

As we have seen, the brook both picks 
things up and lays them down. Both 
these acts are of benefit to man; they have 
given us, for instance, the rich bottom 
lands of the Mississippi and Missouri 
valleys. But they can also be of great harm, 
for water may carry off the soil which it or 
some other agency long ago deposited; 
and when it has done so, centuries wall 
pass before that soil can be replaced. 



744 



EARTH AND SKY 



Many children are naturally interested 
in stones. The peculiar shapes, odd mark- 
ings, and colorings of stones attract a 
child's attention and arouse in him a 
desire to know more about them. 

I once knew two children, aged seven 
and five, who could almost invariably 
recognize the different boulders and peb- 




Photomlcrograph by W. A. Bentley 

Snow crystal. Many minerals are crystalline 
in form 

bles of rock which they found scattered 
over the surface in the region about 
Ithaca, New York. They also could tell, 
when the pebbles were broken, which 
parts were quartz and which mica. They 
had incidentally asked about one of these 
stones, and I had told them the story of 
the glacial period and how these stones 
were torn away from the mountains in 
Canada and brought down by glaciers and 
dropped in Ithaca. It was a story they 
liked, and their interest in these granite 
voyagers was always one of the many ele- 
ments that helped to make our walks in 
the field delightful. 



The term mineral is not generally used 
in its broadest sense; it really means any 
substance which is neither plant nor ani- 
mal. To be specific we will restrict its use 
to the more limited meaning " an inor- 
ganic substance occurring in nature, hav- 
ing a definite chemical composition, and 
usually a distinct crystalline form." A 
mineral may also be defined as a single 
chemical element, or two or more ele- 
ments chemically combined, forming a 
part of the earth's crust. 

Some eight or ten chemical elements, 
in various combinations, make up most 
of our common rock-forming minerals; 
they are oxygen, silicon, aluminum, iron, 
calcium, magnesium, sodium, potassium, 
sulphur, and carbon. 

A rock is an aggregation of minerals: it 
may be made up entirely of a single min- 
eral, as is rock salt; but more often a rock 
contains two or more minerals. Granite, 
for example, is composed of feldspar, 
quartz, and mica, and may contain horn- 
blende. 

SUGGESTED READING Along the Hill, 
by Carroll Lane Fenton; The Boole of 
Minerals, by Alfred C. Hawkins; Field 
Boole of Common Rocks and Minerals, 
by Frederic B. Loomis; Getting Ac- 
quainted with Minerals, by George L. 
English; Story Book of Earth's Treasures, 
by Maude F. and Miska Petersham; The 
Story of the Minerals, by Herbert P. 
Whitlock; also, readings on page 734. 



I. ROCKS 



Perhaps you have heard someone use 
the expression " rock bottom " to mean 
the foundation, base, or beginning of 
something. The words are very expressive, 
and have their meaning buried in the 
earth. When we look out over a lawn, 
park, field, or even a large body of water, 
we see the surface and do not stop to 
think that far beneath are beds of solid 
rock. We can see exposures of various 
types of rock in such places as cuts made 
for highways or railroads, along deeply cut 
stream banks, in quarries, or sometimes 



outcropping in the slope of a moun- 
tain. 

To understand what is meant by the 
term rock, we need to recall what was said 
in the discussion of minerals. Rocks are 
aggregations of minerals, and minerals 
are composed of elements or chemical 
combinations of elements. 

The study of rocks is treated under that 
branch of science called geology. In a text- 
book on that subject will be found much 
interesting information on rocks; but for 
our purposes it seems best to consider only 



ROCKS AND MINERALS 



745 



few of the more common rocks, or stones, 
as they are sometimes called. 

It will be well to mention, however, 
that rocks are divided into three main 
groups; these divisions are determined by 
their origin, their position in the earth's 
crust, and their location in respect to each 
other. The three groups are sedimentary 



roclcs, formed from sediments deposited 
chiefly by water, sometimes by wind or 
glaciers; igneous rocks, formed by the 
solidification of molten rock; and meta- 
morphic rooks, formed from the other 
two groups, by processes which produced 
such changes in them as to warrant plac- 
ing them in a separate group. 



SEDIMENTARY ROCKS 



The materials in these rocks are in lay- 
ers; they were deposited by the water or 
wind assisted by the force of gravity; they 
were laid down according to size or weight 
of individual particles. The materials vary 
according to the places where they were 
laid down, such as deserts, river beds, del- 
tas, beaches, or ocean bottoms. (See also 
The Brook, p. 735.) 

If you will put some muddy water in a 
glass tumbler and watch the mud settle, 
you will notice that some of the larger par- 
ticles settle very soon, while some of the 
finer particles will be held for hours before 
they are dropped. This simple experiment 
shows, in a general way, what takes place 
in a muddy stream. During and after a 
hard rain, a stream carries much more 
sediment than at any other time. Some of 
the finer particles are not dropped until 
they reach the body of water into which 
the stream is flowing, and there in quiet 
water they settle down. Thus sediment 
may build up deltas or settle on the ocean 
or lake bottoms. 

In the ocean there live many animals 
which secrete shells, and there are fishes 
with bony skeletons. When these animals 
die, their hard parts settle to the bottom, 
where they are covered with sediment 
which preserves them. Later, when this 
sediment has hardened to rock, we find 
these animal remains preserved as fossils. 
A plant organism may leave an impression 
of its form in the sediment, even though 
the vegetable matter has decayed. The 




C. D. Walcott, U. S. Geological Survey 

A large piece of sandstone showing the uneven 
effects of weathering 

various kinds of fossils serve as a sort of 
key or index to aid scientists in determin- 
ing at what time, in the history of the 
earth, the particular rock-forming materi- 
als were laid down. In shale, a rock formed 
from old clay beds, we sometimes find 
footprints of prehistoric animals and im- 
pressions of raindrops that fell many ages 
ago. 

Some common examples of sedimentary 
rock are limestone, shale, and sandstone; 
even iron ore beds, coal, and rock salt are 
included in this group. 



74 6 



EARTH AND SKY 



IGNEOUS ROCKS 



These rocks have been formed, by cool- 
ing, from materials that have been forced 
up from the interior of the earth. These 
materials are in the form of molten lava, 
which does not always reach the surface 
before it cools. They do not show assort- 
ment and stratification as do sedimentary 
rocks, but have, instead, a crystalline tex- 
ture. The size of the grains is determined 




Photomicrograph by W. A. Bentley 

Snow crystal 

by the position in which the molten mate- 
rial cooled; the portions cooling at or near 
the surface of the earth contain smaller 
crystals than do the materials which 
cooled more slowly at points far below 
the surface of the earth. Granite is one of 
the most common igneous rocks. 

GRANITE 

In granite, the quartz may be detected 
by its fracture, which is always conchoidal 
and never flat; that is, it has no cleavage 
planes. It is usually white or smoky, and is 
glassy in luster. It cannot be scratched 
with a knife. The feldspar is usually whit- 
ish or flesh-colored and the smooth sur- 
face of its cleavage planes shines bril- 
liantly as the light strikes upon it; it can 
be scratched with a knife but this requires 
effort. The mica is in pearly scales, some- 
times whitish and sometimes black. The 
scales of these mica particles may be lifted 
off with a knife, and it may thus be distin- 



guished. If there are black particles in the 
granite which do not separate, like the 
mica, into thin layers, they probably con- 
sist of hornblende. 

Granite is used extensively for building 
purposes and for monuments. It is a very 
durable stone; when polished it endures 
better than when rough-finished, since the 
polished surface gives less opportunity 
for water to lodge and freeze. If granite, 
by prolonged weathering, is broken down 
to grains of sand and clay, these may be 
washed away and carried into lakes or the 
ocean where they settle down in more 
or less sorted forms. If the sand grains 
form a deposit of appreciable size and 
extent, this becomes a sandstone rock. 

Cleopatra's Needle, which stood for 
thousands of years in the dry climate of 
Egypt, soon commenced to weather and 
crumble when placed in Central Park, 
New York. The Department of Parks of 
the City of New York has furnished the 
following information concerning the 
treatment given to the monument: 

After the obelisk had been standing in 
its new home about two years, the surface 
began to chip. In 1885, four years after its 
erection, a coating of paraffin wax was 
recommended for its surface. It was found 
that there were many loose flakes of large 
size; all such flakes that could be saved 
were left in place. To have removed these 
flakes would have damaged the hiero- 
glyphics to a serious degree. Within a few 
months the entire monument was coated 
with wax. 

In 1893 these areas were treated by pres- 
sure to insure that a solid body of paraffin 
wax would fill all openings and prevent 
any accidental movement. The flakes are 
mapped and numbered for the purpose of 
ascertaining at any time whether they 
have increased in area or whether new 
ones have developed. A thorough exam- 
ination in 1913 showed no further de- 
terioration; but as a precautionary measure 
a coating of liquid veneer was applied to 



ROCKS AND MINERALS 



the surface; this veneer did not penetrate 
and was soon washed away by the rain. 

In 1930, forty-five years after the appli- 
cation of the preservative, no indication 
could be found of any need for renewing 
the treatment. The preservative had ab- 
solutely stopped and prevented what 
would have been the rapid disintegration 
of the oldest and perhaps the most inter- 
esting monument in America. 

This shaft has a most interesting his- 
tory. It was quarried near Assuan, in the 
most famous of all the granite quarries of 
ancient Egypt. It was cut as a solid shaft 
in the quarry and carried down the Nile 
River for 500 miles an engineering feat 
which would be hard to accomplish to- 
day, with all our modern appliances. It 
was one of the obelisks that graced the an- 
cient city of On, later called Heliopolis, 
situated on a plateau near the present city 
of Cairo; On was the city where Moses 
was bom and reared. One of these obe- 
lisks still stands where it was first placed 
as a part of a magnificent temple, the tem- 
ple a part of a magnificent city. It now 
stands alone in the middle of a great fer- 
tile plain, which is vividly green with 
growing crops; a road shaded by tamarisk 
and lebbakh trees leads to it; nearby is a 
sakiah, creaking as the blindfolded bul- 
lock walks around and around, turning the 
wheel that lifts the chain of buckets from 
the well to irrigate the crops; and a hooded 
crow, whose ancestors were contempo- 
raries of its erection, caws hoarsely as it 
alights on the beautiful apex of this an- 
cient shaft, which has stood there nearly 
four thousand years and has seen a great 
city go down to dust to fertilize a grassy 
plain. 

LESSON 209 
IGNEOUS ROCKS: GRANITE 
LEADING THOUGHT Granite is com- 
posed of feldspar, quartz, and mica, and 
often contains hornblende. 




J. H. Comstock 



The granite obelisk still standing on the site 
of the ancient city of On 

METHOD Specimens of coarse granite 
and a pocket knife are needed. 

OBSERVATIONS i. What minerals do 
you find in granite? How can you tell what 
these minerals are? Look at the granite 
with a lens. How can you tell the quartz 
from feldspar? Take a knife and scratch 
the two. Can you tell them apart in that 
way? How can you tell the mica? How can 
you tell the hornblende? 

2. What buildings made of granite have 
you seen? What monuments made from 
it have you seen? 

3. What is weathering? Mention some 
of the characteristics of weathering. Why 
does the rough-finished granite weathei 
sooner than that which is polished? 

4. Examine some sand with a lens. 
What mineral do you find present in it 
in the greatest quantity? 

5. Write the story of the Cleopatra's 
Needle in Central Park, New York City. 



74 8 



EARTH AND SKY 



METAMORPHIC ROCKS 



Metamorphic means changed; it is 
therefore to be understood that meta- 
morphic rocks are those rocks whose tex- 
ture and mineral composition have been 
changed since they were originally formed 
as igneous or sedimentary rocks. They may 
have decayed or they may have been made 
stronger by the process; but in general 
the term is used to mean changes that 
have occurred in rocks as a result of great 



weight, heat, movement, and pressure, in 
the presence of water and gases. The 
depth within the earth's crust at which 
the process took place determines chiefly 
which factor was most important in bring- 
ing about the change. 

Some common metamorphic rocks are 
slate, formed from clay; marble, from 
limestone; quartzite, from sandstone; and 
anthracite coal from soft coal. 



CALCITE, LIMESTONE, AND MARBLE 



Calcite or calc spar, w r liich is calcium 
carbonate, is a mineral and is the material 
of which marble, limestone, and chalk are 




Forms of calcite crystals 

made. The faces of the calcite crystal are 
always arranged in groups of three or mul- 
tiples of three a three-sided pyramid or 
two pyramids joined base to base. When 
acute and formed of three pairs of faces, 
the crystals are called dogtooth spar. The 
crystals appear in a great variety of forms, 
but they all have the common quality of 
splitting readily in three directions, the 
fragments forming rhombs. When these 
cleaved or split pieces are transparent, 
they are called Iceland spar. When an ob- 
ject is viewed through Iceland spar at least 
one-quarter inch thick, it appears double. 
The calcite crystal is often transparent 



with a slight yellowish tinge, but it also 
shows other colors; and it has a slightly 
cloudy or slightly pearly or almost glassy 
luster like feldspar. It is easily scratched 
with a knife and will not scratch glass. 
If a drop of strong vinegar or weak hydro- 
chloric (muriatic) acid is dropped on it, 
it will effervesce. 

Limestone has often been formed on 
the bottoms of oceans; its substance came 
chiefly from the skeletons of corals and 
the shells of other sea creatures, since sea- 
shells and coral skeletons are calcium 
carbonate in composition. In the water, 
the shells and corals were broken down, 




Buffalo Museum of Science 

Fossilized Coral: the skeletons of coral ani- 
mak 



ROCKS AND MINERALS 



749 



and then deposited in layers on the bot- 
tom of the sea; in addition some car- 
bonate of lime has been precipitated from 
sea water. Layers of limestone are now be- 
ing deposited off the shores of Florida, 
where corals grow in great abundance. 
Limestone is used extensively for building 
purposes, and in many climates is very 
durable. The great pyramids of Egypt are 
of limestone. It is slowly dissolved in 
water, especially if the water be acid; thus, 
in limestone regions, there are caves where 
the water has dissolved out the rock; and 
attached to their roofs and piled upon 
their floors may be large icicle-shaped sta- 
lactites and stalagmites, which were made 
by the lime-bearing water dripping down 
and evaporating, leaving its burden in crys- 
tals behind it. When the roof of a cave 
falls in, the cavity thus made is called a 
sink hole and is often dangerous. The fa- 
mous Natural Bridge in Virginia is all 
that is left of what was once the roof of 
such a cavern. Other famous caves are 
Luray and Mammoth in the East and 
Carlsbad Caverns of New Mexico. The 
water of limestone regions is always hard, 
because of the lime which it holds in solu- 
tion; and in such regions the streams usu- 
ally have no silt, but have clean bottoms; 
moreover, the springs are likely to be- 
come contaminated because the water has 
run through long caves instead of filtering 
through sand. 

Chalk is similar in origin to limestone; 
it is made up of the shells of minute sea 
creatures, so small that we can only see 
them with the aid of a microscope. Try to 
think how many years it must have re- 
quired for the shells of such tiny beings to 
build up the beds which make the great 
chalk cliffs of England! 

Marble is formed inside the earth from 
limestone, under the influence of heat and 
pressure; it differs from limestone chiefly 
in that the grains are of crystalline struc- 
ture, and are larger; it is usually white or 
gray in color, and sometimes is found in 
differing colors. The most famous marbles 
are the Carrara of Italy, the Parian from 
the Island of Paros, and the Pentelican 
from the mountain of that name near 



Athens. The reason why these marbles 
are so famous is that in ancient times 
sculptors carved beautiful statues from 
them, and the architects used them for 
building magnificent temples. The princi- 
pal marble deposits in the United States 
are in Vermont, Georgia, and Tennessee. 
Some marbles do not last well when ex- 
posed to severe climatic conditions. Mar- 
ble is also used to make lime. When either 
marble or limestone is heated very hot, it 
separates into two parts, one of which is 
lime, and the other carbonic acid gas 
the same that is used for charging soda 
water. 

LESSON 210 
CALCITE, LIMESTONE, AND MARBLE 

LEADING THOUGHT Calcite or calc 
spar is lime carbonate. The best known 
forms of its crystals are rhombic; but in- 
stead of having twelve right-angled edges, 
the sides are lozenge-shaped, and are set 
together with six obtuse angles and six 
acute. Dogtooth spar is one form of cal- 
cite crystal. Limestone is a solid form of 
calcite. Marble is granular limestone, 
which is made of crystalline grains of cal- 
cite. Chalk is soft, fine-grained limestone. 

METHOD Specimens of dogtooth spar, 
limestone, marble, shells of oysters or 
other sea creatures, and coral should be 
provided for this lesson; also a bottle of 
dilute hydrochloric acid, and a piece of 
glass tubing about six inches long with 
which to drop the acid on the stones. 
Some strong vinegar will do instead of the 
acid. 

Marbles which are composed of mineral 
dolomite, a carbonate of lime and mag- 
nesia, will not effervesce with cold acid. 

OBSERVATIONS i. What is the form 
of the calcite crystal? What is the luster of 
the crystal? Is it the same as the inside 
of sea-shells? Will calcite scratch glass? 
Can you scratch it with a knife? What 
happens to calcite if you put a drop of 
weak hydrochloric acid upon it? 

2. Is marble made up of crystals? Ex- 
amine it with a lens to see. What is its 
color? Have you seen marble of other col- 



75 



EARTH AND SKY 



ors than white? Do you know the reason 
why marble is sometimes clouded and 
streaked? 

3. What are the uses of marble? What 
have you ever seen made from marble? 
Why is it used for sculpture? What fa- 
mous statues which were made of marble 
have you seen? Name some of the fa- 
mous ancient marble buildings. 

4. Test a piece of limestone for hard- 
ness. Can you scratch it with a knife? Is it 
as soft as marble? Put a drop of acid on 
it. Does it effervesce? If there are any fos- 
sils in your piece of limestone, test them 
with acid and see if they will effervesce. 
Any other mineral that you have which 
will effervesce when touched with acid 
is probably some form of calcite. 

5. Are there any buildings in your town 
made of limestone? How do you know the 
stone is limestone? Where was it ob- 
tained? Is it affected by the weather? 

6. Why is water in limestone regions 
hard? Why are limestone regions likely to 
have caves within the rocks? How are 
stalactites and stalagmites formed in 
caves? What are sink holes? How are they 
formed? In what county of your state is 
limestone found? 

7. How is the lime which is used for 
plastering houses made? 

8. Write a theme on how the chalk 
rocks are made. 

9. Test a shell with acid; test a piece of 
coral with acid. How does it happen that 
these, which were once a part of living 
creatures, are now limestone? Of what ma- 
terial are the bones of our own bodies 
made? 



A great chapter in the history of the 
world is written in the chalk. Few passages 
in the history of man can be supported by 
such an overwhelming mass of direct and 
indirect evidence as that which testifies to 
the truth of the fragment of the history of 
the globe, which I hope to enable you to 
read, with your own eyes, to-night. Let me 
add, that few chapters of human history 
have a more profound significance for our- 
selves. I weigh my words well when I as- 
sert, that the man who shoufd know the 
true history of the bit of chalk which every 
carpenter carries about in his breeches- 
pocket, though ignorant of all other his- 
tory, is likely, if lie will think his knowl- 
edge out to its ultimate results, to have a 
truer, and therefore a better, conception 
of this wonderful universe, and of man's 
relation to it, than the most learned stu- 
dent who is deep-read in the records of 
humanity and ignorant of those of Na- 
ture. 

During the chalk period, or " Creta- 
ceous epoch/' not one of the present great 
physical features of the globe was in exist- 
ence. Our great mountain ranges, Pyr- 
enees, Alps, Himalayas, Andes, have all 
been upheaved since the chalk was de- 
posited, and the Cretaceous sea flowed 
over the sites of Sinai and Ararat. All 
this is certain, because rocfa of Cretaceous 
or still later date, have shared in the eleva- 
tory movements which give rise to these 
mountain chains; and may be found 
perched up, in some cases, many thousand 
feet high upon their flanks. 

THOMAS HUXLEY 



II. MINERALS 



For the pupils in the elementary grades 
it seems best to limit the study of minerals 
to those which make up our common 
rocks. In order to teach about these min- 
erals well, the teacher should have at least 
one set of labeled specimens. Such a col- 
lection may be obtained from a supply 
house. These collections vary in number 
of specimens and price. The teacher 
should have one or two perfect crystals 



of quartz, feldspar, and calcite. An excel- 
lent practice for a boy is to copy these crys- 
tals in wood for the use of the teacher. 

The physical characteristics used in 
identifying minerals are briefly as fol- 
lows: 

i. Form. This may be crystalline, 
which shows the shape of the crystals defi- 
nitely; granular, as in marble, the grains 
having the internal structure, but not the 



external form, of crystals; compact, which 
is without crystalline form ? as in limestone 
or flint. 

2. Color. 

3. Luster or shine, which may be glossy 
like quartz, pearly like the inside of a shell, 
silky like asbestos, dull, or metallic like 
gold. 



ROCKS AND MINERALS 75 1 

4. Hardness or resistance to scratching 



thus: easily scratched with the fingernail; 
cannot be scratched by the fingernail; 
easily scratched with steel; with difficulty 
scratched with steel; not to be scratched 
by steel. A pocket knife is usually the im- 
plement used for scratching. 
SUGGESTED READING Page 744. 



CRYSTAL GROWTH 



To watch the growth of a crystal is to 
witness a miracle; involuntarily we stand 
in awe before it, as a proof that of all 
truths mathematics is the most divine and 
the most inherent in the universe. The 
teacher will fail to make the best use of 
this lesson if she does not reveal to the 
child through it something of the marvel 
of crystal growth. 

That a substance which has been dis- 
solved in water should, when the water 
evaporates, assemble its particles in solid 
form of a certain shape, with its plane sur- 
faces set exactly at certain angles one to 
another, always the same whether the 
crystal be large or small, is quite beyond 
our understanding. Perhaps it is no more 
miraculous than the growth of living be- 
ings, but it seems so. The fact that when 
an imperfect crystal, unfinished or broken, 
is placed in water which is saturated with 




Forms of quartz crystals 

the same substance, it will be built out 
and made perfect, shows a law of growth 
so exquisitely exemplified as to again make 
us glad to be part of a universe so perfectly 
governed. Moreover, when crystals show 
a variation in numbers of angles and 
planes it is merely a matter of division 
or multiplication. A snow crystal is a six- 
rayed star, yet sometimes it has three rays. 
The window sill of a schoolroom may 
be a place for the working of greater won- 
ders than those claimed by the alchemists 
of old, when they transmuted baser metals 



to gold and worthless stones to diamonds. 
It may be a place where strings of gems 
are made before the wondering eyes of the 




Photomicrograph by W. A. Bentley 

Snow crystal 

children; gems fit to make necklaces for 
any naiad of the brook or oread of the 
caves. 

It adds much to the interest of this les- 
son if different colored substances are 
used for the forming of the crystals. Blue 
vitriol, potassium bichromate, and alum 
give beautiful crystals, contrasting in 
shape as well as in colors. 

Copper sulphate and blue vitriol are 
two names for one substance; it is a poison 
when taken internally and, therefore, it 
is best for the teacher to carry on the ex- 
periment before the pupils instead of 
trusting the substance to them indiscrimi- 
nately. Blue vitriol forms an exquisitely 
beautiful blue crystal, which is lozenge- 
shaped with oblique edges. Often, as pur- 
chased from the drug store, we find it in 
the form of rather large, broken, or im- 
perfect crystals. One of the pretty experi- 
ments is to place some of these broken 
crystals in a saucer containing a saturated 
solution of the vitriol, and note that they 
straightway assert crystal nature by build- 



7? 2 



EARTH AND SKY 



ing out the broken places, and growing 
into perfect crystals. Blue vitriol is used 
much in the dyeing and in the printing of 
cotton and linen cloths. It has quite won- 
derful preservative qualities; if either ani- 
mal or vegetable tissues are permeated by 
it, they will remain dry and unchanged. 

Copper sulphate solutions have also 
been effectively used in treating seeds of 
some farm crops to kill spores which might 
be present and would later cause smuts or 
other fungus diseases to develop on the 
growing crops. 

Potassium bichromate is also a poison, 
and therefore the teacher should make the 
solution in the presence of the class. It 
forms orange-red crystals, more or less 
needle-shaped. It crystallizes so readily 
that if one drop of the solution be placed 
on a saucer the pupils may see the forma- 
tion of the crystals by watching it for a 
few moments through a lens. 

The common alum we buy in crystal 
form; however, it is very much broken. Its 
crystals are eight-sided and pretty. Alum 
is widely used in dyes, in medicines, and 
in many other ways. It is very astringent, 
as every child knows who has tried to eat 
it, and has found the lips and tongue 
much puckered thereby. 

Although we are more familiar with 
crystals formed from substances dissolved 
in water, yet there are some minerals, like 
iron, which crystallize only when they are 
melted by heat; and there are other crys- 
tals, like the snow, which are formed from 
vapor. Thus, substances must be molten 
hot, or dissolved in a liquid, or in the form 
of gas, in order to grow into crystals. 

LESSON 211 
CRYSTAL GROWTH 

LEADING THOUGHT Different sub- 
stances when dissolved in water will re- 
form as crystals; each substance forms 
crystals of its own peculiar color and 
shape. 

METHOD Take three test tubes, long 
vials, or clear bottles. Fill one with a solu- 
tion made by dissolving one part of blue 
vitriol in three parts of water; fill another 



by dissolving one part of bichromate of 
potash with twenty-five parts of water; 
fill another with one part of alum in three 
parts of water. Suspend from the mouth 
of each test tube or vial a piece of white 
twine, the upper end tied to a toothpick 
which is placed across the mouth of the 
vial; the other end should reach the bot- 
tom of the vial. If necessary tie a pebble 
to the lower end so that it will hang 
straight. Place the bottles on the window 
sill of the schoolroom, where the children 
may observe what is happening. Allow 
them to stand for a time, until the string 
in each case is encrusted with crystals; 
then pull out the string and the crystals. 
Dry them with a blotter, and let the chil- 
dren observe them closely. Care should 
be taken to prevent the children from try- 
ing to eat these beautiful crystals, by tell- 
ing them that the red and blue crystals 
are poisonous. 

OBSERVATIONS i. In which bottle did 
the crystals form first? Which string is the 
heaviest with the crystals? 

2. What was the color of the water in 
which the blue vitriol was dissolved? Is it 
as brilliant in color now as it was when 
it was first made? Do you think that the 
growth of the crystals took away from 
the blue material of the water? Look at the 
blue vitriol crystals with a lens, and de- 
scribe their shape. Are the shapes of the 
large crystals of the vitriol the same as 
those of the small ones? 

3. What is the shape of the crystals of 
the potassium bichromate? What is the 
color? Are these crystals as large as those 
of the blue vitriol or of the alum? 

4. What shapes do you find among the 
crystals of alum? 

5. Do you think that vitriol and potas- 
sium bichromate and alum will, under 
favorable circumstances, always form each 
its own shape of crystal wherever it occurs 
in the world? Do you think crystals could 
be formed without the aid of water? 

6. How many kinds of crystals do you 
know? What is rock candy? Do you think 
you could make a string of rock candy 
if you dissolved sugar in water and placed 
a string in it? 



ROCKS AND MINERALS 



753 



SALT 



" Saturated solution " is an uninspiring 
term to one not chemically trained; and 
yet it merely means water which holds as 
much as it can take of the dissolved sub- 
stance; if the water is hot, it dissolves 
more of most substances. To make a sat- 
urated solution of salt we need two parts 
of salt or a little more, for good measure, 
to five parts of water; the water should be 
stirred until it will take up no more salt. 




Form of a salt crystal 

A slip of paper placed in a saucer of 
this solution will prove a resting place for 
the crystals as they form. In about two 
days the miracle will be working, and the 
pupils should now and then observe its 
progress. Those saucers set in a draft or 
in a warm place will show crystals sooner 
than others, but the crystals will be 
smaller; for the faster a crystal grows, the 
smaller is its stature. If the water evapo- 
rates rapidly, the crystals are smaller, be- 
cause so many crystals which do not have 
material for large growth are started. 
When the water is evaporated, to appreci- 
ate the beauty of the crystals we should 
look at them with a lens or microscope. 
Each crystal is a beautiful little cube, often 
with a pyramid-shaped depression in each 
face or side. After the pupils have seen 
these crystals, the story of where salt is 
found should be told them. 

Salt is obtained by several methods. 
The more common ones include mining 
of large deposits of rock salt, evaporation 
of lake or ocean water which is salty; and 
the pumping of water down to a salt de- 
posit and thereby dissolving the salt. In 



the latter case, the salt solution is brought 
to the surface and evaporated. The oldest 
salt works in this country were in Syracuse, 
New York, where the salt was obtained 
from salt springs which were famous 
among the American Indians. At Ithaca, 
New York, the salt deposits are about 2,000 
feet below the surface of the earth. Salt 
is obtained in a number of states, either 
from wells or through mines. Salt is ob- 
tained by evaporating sea water on San 
Francisco Bay, and from lake water at 
Salt Lake City. The largest salt mines in 
the world include those of Germany and 
Poland; these have been worked for many, 
many years. 

When the United States was first set- 
tled, salt was brought over from England; 
but this was so expensive that people 
could not afford it, and so they soon be- 
gan to make their own salt by evaporating 
sea water in kettles on the beach. In those 
countries where it is scarce, salt is said to 
be literally worth its weight in gold. The 
necessity for salt to preserve the health of 
both people and animals has tempted the 
governments of some countries to place 
a special tax upon it. 

Salt lakes are found in natural basins of 
arid lands, and are always without outlets. 
The water which runs in escapes by evapo- 
ration, but the salt it brings cannot escape, 
and accumulates. A salt lick is a place 
where salt is found on the surface of the 
earth, usually near a salt spring. Animals 
will travel a long distance to visit a salt 
lick, which gained its name through their 
attentions. 

LESSON 212 
SALT 

LEADING THOUGHT Salt dissolves in 
water, and as the water evaporates the 
salt appears in beautiful crystals. 

METHOD Let each pupil, if possible, 
have a cup and saucer, a square of paper 
small enough to go into the saucer, and 



754 



EARTH AND SKY 



some salt and water. Let each pupil take 
five teaspoonfuls of water and add to this 
two spoonfuls of salt, stirring the mixture 
until it is dissolved. When the water will 
take no more salt, let each pupil write his 
name and the date on the square of paper 
and lay it in the saucer, pressing it down 
beneath the surface. Let some place their 
saucers in a warm place, others where they 
may be kept cool, and others in a draft. 
If it is impossible for each pupil to have a 
saucer, two or three pupils may be selected 
to perform the experiments. 

OBSERVATIONS-- i. When you pour 
the salt into the water, what becomes of 
it? How do you know when the water 
will hold no more salt? 

2. After a saucer filled with the salt 
water has stood exposed to the air for 
several days, what becomes of the water? 
From which saucers did the water evapo- 



rate fastest those in the warm places, 
or those in the cold? In which did the 
crystals form first? 

3. Which saucers contained the largest 
crystals those from which the water 
evaporated first, or those from which it 
evaporated more slowly? 

4. Could you see how the crystals be- 
gan? What is the shape of the perfect 
salt crystal? Do the smallest crystals have 
the same shape as the largest ones? 

5. What happens to people who can^ 
not get salt to eat? 

6. How are dairy salt and table salt ob- 
tained? What is rock salt? What are salt 
licks? Where are the salt mines found? 
Why is the ocean called "the briny 
deep "? 

7. Name and locate some salt lakes. 
Why are some lakes salt? Why is the 
ocean salt? 



Quartz is the least destructible and is 
one of the most abundant materials in 
the crust of the earth as we know it. It 
is made up of two elements chemically 
united the solid silicon and the gas 
oxygen. It is the chief material of most 
sand and sandstones, and it occurs, mixed 



QUARTZ 

and transparent it is called rock crystal; if 
smoky brown, it is called smoky quartz; 
if purple, amethyst, (b) In crystals or 
masses, glassy but not transparent. If 
white, it is milky quartz; if pink, rose 
quartz, (c) As a compact crystalline 
structure without luster, waxy or dull, 



with grains of other minerals, in granite, opaque or translucent, when polished. If 

* " ' bright red, it is carnelian; if brownish red, 

sard; if in various colors in bands, agate; 
if dull red or brown, jasper; if green with 
red spots, bloodstone; if smoky or gray, 
breaking with small, shell-like, or con- 
choidal fractures, flint. 

Rock crystals are used in jewelry and 
especially are made to imitate diamonds. 
The amethyst is much prized as a semi- 
precious stone. Carnelian, bloodstone, and 
agate are also used in jewelry; agate is used 
also in making many ornamental objects, 
and to make little mortars and pestles for 
grinding hard substances. 

One of the marvels of the world is the 
petrified forest of Arizona, now set aside 
by the government as a national reserve. 
Great trees have been changed to agate 



gneiss, and many lavas; it also occurs in 
the form of veins, and sometimes in crys- 
tals ornamenting the walls of cavities in 
rocks. Subterranean waters often contain 
a small amount of silica, the substance of 
quartz, in solution; from such solutions it 
may be deposited in fissures or cracks in 
the rock, thus forming bodies called 
"veins/' Other materials are often de- 
posited at the same time, and in this way 
the ores of the precious metals came to 
be associated with quartz. Sometimes 
silica is deposited from hot springs or 
geysers, forming a spongy substance called 
geyserite. In this case, some of the water 
is combined with the silica, making what 
is called opal. Quartz will cut glass. 
Quartz occurs in many varieties: (a) 



^r -l.J.J. J.JU W^U.JL.J JLJ.J. J.J.JLC1J.J. V V U.JLJLVxt.JLVxiJ . \ "" / ^"^ *. -v . - ^ 

In crystals or masses like glass. If colorless and flint, the silica having permeated the 



ROCKS AND MINERALS 



755 



plant tissue so that the texture of the 
wood is preserved. 

When our country was first settled, flint 
was used to start fires by striking it with 
steel and letting the sparks fly into dry, 
fine material, called tinder. It was also 
used in guns before the invention of car- 
tridges, and the guns were called flint- 
locks. The Indians used flint to make 
hatchets and for tips to their arrows. The 
making of flint implements dates far back 
into prehistoric times; it was probably one 
of the first steps upward which man 
achieved in his long, hard climb from a 
level with the brute creation to the 
heights attained by our present civiliza- 
tion. 

Quartz sand is used in making glass. It 
is melted with soda or potash or lead, and 
the glass varies in hardness according to 
the minerals added. Quartz is also used for 
sandpaper; and, ground to a fine powder, 
it is combined with japans and oils and 
used as a finish for wood surfaces. Much 
mineral wool is now made from glass, and 
is widely used for insulation in the walls 
of houses. Quartz combined with sodium 
or potassium and water forms a liquid 
called water-glass, which is used for water- 
proof surfaces; it is also fireproof to a cer- 
tain degree. Water-glass is the best sub- 
stance in which to preserve eggs; one part 
of commercial water-glass to ten parts of 
water makes a proper solution for this 
purpose. 



LESSON 213 
QUARTZ 

LEADING THOUGHT Quartz is one of 
the most common of minerals. It occurs 
in many forms. As a crystal it is six-sided, 
and the ends terminate in a six-sided pyra- 
mid. It is very hard and will scratch and 
cut glass. When broken, it has a glassy 
luster and it does not break smoothly, but 
shows an uneven surface. 

METHOD The pupils should have be- 
fore them as many varieties of quartz as 
possible; at least they should have rock 
crystal, amethyst, rose and smoky quartz, 
and flint. 

OBSERVATIONS i. What is the shape 
of quartz crystals? Are the sides all of the 
same size? Has the pyramid-shaped end 
the same number of plane surfaces as the 
sides? 

2. What is the luster of quartz? Is this 
luster the same in all the different colored 
kinds of quartz? 

3. Can you scratch quartz with the 
point of a knife? Can you scratch glass 
with a corner or piece of the quartz? Can 
you cut glass with quartz? 

4. Describe the following kinds of 
quartz and their uses: amethyst, agate, 
flint. 

5. How many varieties of quartz do 
you know? What has quartz to do with 
the formation of the petrified forests of 
Arizona? 



FELDSPAR 



We most commonly see feldspar as the 
pinkish portion of granite. This does not 
mean that feldspar is always pink, for it 
may be the lime-soda form known as labra- 
dorite, which is dark gray, brown or green- 
ish brown, or white; or it may be the soda- 
lime feldspar called oligoclase, which is 
grayish green, grayish white, or white; 
but the most common feldspar of all is 
the potash feldspar orthoclase which 
may be white, nearly transparent, or pink- 
ish. Orthoclase is different from other feld- 
spars in that, when it splits, its plane sur- 



faces form right angles. Feldspar is next 
in the scale of hardness to quartz, and 
will with effort and perseverance scratch 






Forms of feldspar crystals 

glass but will not cut it; it can be scratched 
with a steel point. Its luster is glassy and 
often somewhat pearly. 



FOSSILS 



In very early times fossils were considered 
more or less as freak relics of an ancient past; 
but now a fossil may be defined as an organ- 
ism or anything indicating the former pres- 
ence of an organism which has been preserved 
in any natural deposit in or on the earths 
crust. In fact, any vestige of life of a former 
age may be considered a fossil. 

The types of fossils vary greatly in their 
nature, and in their completeness. There are 
instances of animals having been preserved as 
unaltered remains. Such is the case of the rare 
mammoths found in Siberia and the insects 
caught in the tree resin which we now find as 
amber. Petrifactions are fossils in which some 
of the original portions of the organisms have 
been replaced at least in part by a mineral. 
A mold is an interesting type of fossil; it is 
the impression of a plant or animal left for- 
merly in soft mud. After the body decayed or 
was removed in some manner the impression 
still remained and became permanently pre- 
served. A shell formerly buried in rock and 
later dissolved by water leaves a cavity bear- 
ing the shape of the shell; if later that cavity 
becomes filled with some mineral substance 
the result is a fossil called a cast. Trails of 
marine animals } tracks of dinosaurs, or bur- 
rows of worms are all considered as fossils. 

The sea is the most favorable place for the 
burial of organisms; many forms of life are 
present, much sediment is available to cover 
the dead bodies, and decay is checked by the 
salt water. There are few places where good 
preservation of land animals has been pos- 
sible; but fossils of land animals have been 
found in caves, under lava flows, and in 
swamps; in some instances the bodies have 
been washed out to sea and preserved there. 

By means of fossils man has been able to 
unravel much interesting earth history. In 
fact some fossils and combinations of fossils 
have come to be known as "guide fossils" 
and these can be used to determine very defi- 
nitely the geologic aqe of the rock strata in 
which they are found. From fossils much can 
be learned about the factors of the environ- 
ment in which the plant or animal lived 
whether the atmosphere was moist or dry, 
cool or warm, whether the water was fresh or 
salty. 

1. HYPOHIPPUS skeleton found in rocks in 
Colorado. 



2. BRACHIOPODS, Lingula. These soft-bodied 
animals had two shells not quite equal in size. 
See No. 7 and No. 9. 

3. CRANE FLY, Tipula. We can see that this 
insect was very similar to the present-day 
crane fly. 

4. TRILOBITES, Phacops. These crustaceans 
were among the first fossils to attract the at- 
tention of naturalists and are used as " guide 
fossils " in the rock formations of the Cam- 
brian period. The trilobites varied in length 
from a fraction of an inch to two feet. 

5. CYCADS, Otozamites. These plants were 
similar to pines and spruces in structure but 
their palmlike leaves were somewhat on the 
order of ferns. A few tropical forms of cycads 
are to be found living today. 

6. CRINOID OR SEA LILY, Taxocrinus. This 
animal was named from its resemblance to a 
lily. It had a long stem, at the upper end of 
which was a cluster of plumelike arms as 
shown in the picture. 

7 AND Q.BRACHIOPOD. Pictured here are dif- 
ferent aspects of this very abundant fossil. 
The animal has an "upper" and "lower" 
valve rather than a " right " and a " left " as 
have the oyster, clam, and mussel. More than 
200 kinds of living brachiopods are known; 
but in the Paleozoic time there were more 
than 2500 known forms in what is now North 
America. They do not move about but are 
fixed to one place in the sea by a stalk from 
the lower valve. 

8. DINOSAUR TRACKS. These tracks were 
found on the brownstone of Connecticut Val- 
ley ; the fossil shown in this picture is in 
the collection at Amherst College. Dinosaurs 
were reptiles which ran about on their hind 
legs as do birds. They were so abundant and 
were such extraordinary animals that the time 
in which they lived has been called the Age 
of Reptiles. These creatures were at least as 
much diversified in size, form, and adapta- 
tions as are the mammals of today. Some had 
birdlike feet with great claws; others which 
lived in swampy areas had huge ducklike bills. 
Still other dinosaurs reached a length of 60 
feet or more and weighed as much as 40 tons. 



Photographs by courtesy of the American Museum of Natural History 
and the Buffalo Museum of Science 



758 

North Carolina leads all other states in 
the production of feldspar; but consider- 
able quantities are produced in South 
Dakota, New Hampshire, and Colorado. 
It is quarried, crushed, and ground to pow- 
der as fine as flour to use with the clay 
from which china and most kinds of white 
pottery are made. Kaolin, which has been 
used so extensively in making the finest 
porcelain, is the purest of all clays, and is 
formed of weathered feldspar. Moonstone 
is clean soda-lime feldspar, whitish in 
color, and with a reflection something like 
an opal. 

LESSON 214 
FELDSPAR 

LEADING THOUGHT Feldspar is an ex- 
ceedingly common mineral in some rocks. 
When broken, orthoclase feldspar splits 
in two directions nearly at right angles to 
each other, making pieces that are ob- 
liquely brick-shaped. It is next in hardness 
to quartz; it will scratch glass but will not 
cut it. 



EARTH AND SKY 



METHOD - If possible have the com- 
mon feldspar (orthoclase), and some of 
the less common kinds like oligoclase and 
labradorite. 

OBSERVATIONS i . What is the shape 
of the feldspar crystal? 

2. What colors are your specimens of 
feldspar? How many kinds have you? 

3. What is the luster of feldspar? 

4. Can you scratch feldspar with the 
point of a knife? Can you scratch it with 
quartz? Can you scratch glass with it? 

5. When you scratch feldspar with 
steel what is the color of the streak left 
upon it? 

6. If feldspar is broken, does it break 
along certain lines, leaving smooth faces? 
At what angles do these smooth faces 
stand to each other? 

7. How can you tell feldspar from 
quartz? Write a comparison of feldspar 
and quartz, giving clearly the character- 
istics of both. 

8. Hunt over the pebbles found in a 
sand-bank. Which ones are quartz? Do 
you find any of feldspar? 



MICA 



The mica crystal when perfect has six 
sides and flat ends, because it splits very 
easily at angles to the sides. In color, mica 
varies through shades of brown, from a 
pale smoked pearl to black. Its luster is 
pearly, and it can be scratched with the 
thumbnail. Its distinguishing character- 
istic is that the thin layers into which it 
splits bend without breaking. When mica 
flakes decay, they take on a golden luster 
and are frequently mistaken for gold. 

Mica was used in antiquity for win- 
dows. Because it is transparent and not 
affected by heat, it has been used in the 
doors of stoves and furnaces and for lamp 
chimneys. Powdered mica is the artificial 
snow that is scattered over cotton batting 
for the decoration of Christmas trees. 

Mica mines are scarce in this country; 
but the mining of mica is important in 
North Carolina and New Hampshire. 
India and Canada are also sources of sup- 



ply. The entire production of this mineral 
in the United States for the year 1936 was 
valued at almost a million dollars. Most 
of this output was used in the electrical 
industries, since mica is one of the best 
insulating materials known. 

LESSON 215 
MICA 

LEADING THOUGHT Mica is a crystal 
which flakes off in thin scales parallel 
with the base of the crystal. We rarely see 
a complete mica crystal but simply the 
thin plates which have split off. The ordi- 
nary mica is light colored, but there is a 
black form. 

METHOD If it is not possible to ob- 
tain a mica crystal, get a thick piece of 
mica which the pupils may split off into 
layers. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Describe your piece 



ROCKS AND MINERALS 759 

of mica. Pull off a layer with the point scratch it with the thumbnail? What 

of your knife. See if you can separate this color is the streak left by scratching it 

layer into two layers or more. with steel? 

2. Can you see through mica? Can you 3. What are some of the uses of mica? 

bend it? Does it break easily? What is the How is it especially fitted for some uses? 

color of your specimen? What is its luster? 4. Write a theme on how and where 

Can you cut it with a knife? Can you mica is obtained. 



THE SOIL 

REVISED BY H. O. BUCKMAN 

Professor of Soil Technology, Cornell University 




Arthur Keith, U. S. Geological Survey 

The brook mitt even at low water grinds ceaselessly, sorting out the finer products and 
carrying them away to serve as soil material 

The soil is the sepulcher and the resurrection of all life in the past. The greater the 
sepulcher the greater the resurrection. The greater the resurrection the greater the 
growth. The life of yesterday seeks the earth to-day that new life may come from it to- 
morrow. The soil is composed of stone flour and organic matter (humus) mixed; the 
greater the store of organic matter the greater the fertility. JOHN WALTON SPENCER 



While the coarser burden of streams 
is of great consequence, as the preceding 
sections have shown, the finer materials so 
carried are of even greater human im- 



portance. Few people realize the signifi- 
cance of the soil and the part that it plays 
in the life of man. Because a child, after 
making mud pies, is told that his face is 



THE SOIL 



dirty, he naturally concludes that soil is 
mere dirt. But it is only when out of place 
that soil is dirt; for in place and perform- 
ing its normal and natural functions, it 
is the home of miracles the seat of 
the intricate chemical and biochemical 
changes that make possible the nourish- 
ment of higher plants on which all animal 
life depends. The study of soil is a funda- 
mental introduction to agriculture. 

SOIL MATERIAL 

If we should go back to the very be- 
ginning, we should find that soil forma- 
tion is initiated by rock fragments of vari- 
ous kinds some coarse, some fine, some 
very fine. In our study of the brook, it 
was noted that certain stones with sharp 
corners were just entering the water mill 
while others had been reduced to gravel, 
sand, or even rock flour. We saw how this 
grinding action is done, why it is so effec- 
tive, and how the mineral grist is sorted 
and sifted as it is carried along. And 
finally we saw it deposited ready for the 
next step in soil formation. 




Map of the United States, showing the south- 
ern extent of glaciation 

It must not be inferred that running 
water is the only grinding and carrying 
agency engaged in the preparation of soil 
material. The United States, north of a 
line roughly traced by the Ohio and Mis- 
souri rivers, was at one time covered by 
an immense ice sheet that pushed over 
our lands from the north. This great ice 
mantle, many hundreds of feet in thick- 
ness, scoured the bedrocks, tearing, rend- 
ing, and grinding, often to the fineness of 




W. C. Alden, U. S. Geological Survey 

Boulders, sand, and rock -flour were carried 
southward by the glacial ice. Climatic agencies 
have since changed the finer of such materials 
into soils, some of them the most fertile in 
the United States. Even this great boulder is 
slowly yielding to the attacks of the weather 

powder. Millions of tons of rock material, 
varying in size from boulders to gravel, 
sand, and clay, were carried southward 
for miles, often hundreds of miles, finally 
to be dumped indiscriminately as the ice 
melted away. Perhaps one-fifth of the 
United States was covered by such rock 
debris ready to be changed by weathering 
agencies into soil. 

Soil material, once it is sufficiently fine, 
is also subject to transportation by wind. 
In fact, thousands of square miles in our 
Middle West are covered by such finely 
divided materials, the result of ancient and 
violent " dust storms/' This silty deposit, 
often many feet in thickness, is called 




Agronomy Dept. Cornell U, 

Boulders left by a glacier 




EARTH AND SKY 



SOIL FORMATION 



A. F. Gustafson 



A soil formed by the weathering of the 
wind-carried e loess " of Illinois. The fertile 
land on either side is being eroded by the 
stream 

" loess " and has produced some of our 
most fertile soils. 

But there are other agencies besides 
running water, glacial ice, and restless 
winds that help grind the bedrock into 
soil material. If we visit some rocky cliff, 
we are sure to find at its base heaps of 
stones, which the geologist calls " talus." 
These we know were pried loose by tem- 
perature changes aided by freezing water 
Jack Frost and his ice wedges. This 
stone-cracking goes on everywhere in re- 
gions where the temperature drops below 
the freezing point, and not only furnishes 
soil material in place but also aids the 
scouring of the winds and the grinding, 
mill-like action of ice and water. 




The mere fining of rock material, 
whether in place or transported, does not 
produce a soil; far from it. Other and more 
complex changes must occur. The action 
of atmospheric gases, especially oxygen 
and carbon dioxide, is particularly effec- 
tive. We know how iron rusts and falls 
away, and how limestone slowly etches 
and dissolves. In a similar way rock ma- 




Charles E. Mohr 

A common rock lichen, Lecidia albocserules- 
cens 



G. K. Gilbert, U. S. Geological Survey 

A rock split by the roots of a tree. The log in 
the foreground is also being reduced to soil 

terials decompose and form fine earth, the 
mother substance of our soil. 

As this decay progresses another and a 
very different material gradually appears 
organic matter. First, perhaps, lichens 
gain a foothold on the soil material. Then 
higher plants appear. And as they die and 
regenerate, their tissue is left mixed with 
the decomposing mineral fragments. This 
organic matter, acted on by bacteria, 
molds, and other micro-organisms, de- 
cays, and " humus," the dark coloring mat- 
ter of soil, is produced. One of the essen- 
tial differences between a fertile soil and 



i mere mass of rock fragments lies in the 
urganic content of the former. This point 
should be kept constantly in mind, es- 
pecially when soil productivity is the 
issue. 

Humus intensifies the chemical proc- 
esses already described, stimulates the life 
within the soil, and initiates certain 
biochemical changes essential to higher 
plants. Gradually the raw soil material 
supplies a more suitable foothold for 
higher plants and provides nutrients more 
abundantly for their growth. Thus a soil 
is slowly evolved from the lifeless rock 
and the residues of living matter a soil 
that should present, if properly handled, 
the loose, mellow seed-bed that brings joy 
to a farmer's heart. 

KINDS OF SOIL 

Soils may be divided for convenience 
into four groups, according to the pre- 
dominant sizes of mineral particles. Thus 
we readily recognize " gravel/' " sands," 
" loams/' and u clay." Gravel soil is very 
coarse and not of great value in growing 
plants. Sand soils are loose and open and 
easy to till. Water drains through such 
soil very rapidly and its moisture-holding 
capacity is usually low. It is likely to be 
droughty. But when it contains plenty of 
humus it is a very satisfactory soil, espe- 
cially for certain vegetables. 

Clay soils are sticky and cohesive when 
wet and are likely to be cloddy when dry. 
It is often difficult to create a suitable 
seed-bed on such soils; besides, they drain 
very slowly. A loam, which combines the 
desirable properties of both a sand and 
a clay without their disadvantages, is per- 
haps the ideal soil for general purposes. 
Most field soils are loams of some kind. 

SUGGESTED READING The Adventures 
of a Grain of Dust, by F. B . Atkinson ( Hal- 
lam Hawksworth, pseud.); also, readings 
on pages 734 and 770. 

LESSON 216 
THE SOIL 

LEADING THOUGHT The soil usually 
Is composed of a mixture of different sizes 
of mineral particles (sand, silt, and clay) 



THE SOIL 763 

with variable amounts of humus depend- 
ing on circumstances. Soil, to supply 
most plants satisfactorily, should be well 
drained and porous so that roots may pene- 
trate it easily, and readily obtain from it 
sufficient water and nutrients. 

METHOD The children should bring 
in as many different samples of soil as 
possible. Then classify them as gravel, 
sand, loam, or clay as the case may be. 
Now try to find some loams that are es- 
pecially sandy they should be called 
" sandy loams." In like manner identify 
some " clay loams " that is, soils that 
contain more fine material than a typical 
loam but less than a real clay. 

Now select a soil that is quite sandy 
and one that is decidedly clayey. Wet 
both moderately and knead them with 
the fingers. Add more water if necessary. 
Note the differences in the feel and other 
physical properties. The clay, if rightly se- 
lected and properly moistened, should be 
sticky and plastic. When dry it becomes 
hard. Try making marbles with this soil. 
The sand, on the other hand, is hardly 
sticky at all and a marble made of it usu- 
ally falls apart when dried. Now the class 
is ready for further observations. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Examine a sandy 
soil under a hand lens and tell why you 
think that it contains different sizes of 
mineral particles. The more numerous 
mineral fragments that you see are prob- 
ably quartz. 

2. Examine this soil, or some other soil 
more suitable, for hurnus. Humus is quite 
dark and acts as a coloring matter by coat- 
ing the sand particles and by mixing with 
clay. It furnishes plant food 'and improves 
the physical condition of soils in which 
it is present. 

3. Compare the sand and the clay that 
were used to make marbles under the 
hand lens. Describe the differences most 
apparent. 

4. Take a piece of fresh rock such as 
shale or soft limestone and pound it into 
fine pieces. Does the fine material look 
like soil? Would it grow plants very satis- 
factorily? In what respects does a soil 
differ from fresh rock powder? 

5. How does water grind up rocks and 




EARTH AND SKY 



G. ~K. Gilbert, IT. S. Geological Survey 

Jack Frost is busy here with his ice wedges, 
flaking, scaling, and cracking the rocks, add- 
ing little by little to the talus slope at their 
base. His effect in the soil itself is even more 
marked, especially in the spring when freezing 
and thawing occur in rapid succession 

help make soil material? Is the "brook a 
good rock mill? 

6. What part does wind perform in sup- 
plying soil material? Where is " loess " 
found? 

7. How does Jack Frost take a hand in 
soil formation? Why are his ice wedges 
so effective? 

8. If there is a cliff or a gorge in your 
neighborhood, look for the work of Jack 
Frost. Find a " talus/' 

9. Have you ever noticed old headstones 
in a cemetery that are crumbling to pieces 
or are so worn that the carving can hardly 
be seen? This is the work of the gases of 
the air oxygen and carbon dioxide. Ex- 
amine such tombstones again carefully. 
The gases of the air affect soil minerals in 
just the same way. 

10. Find a road cut where a suitable 
soil is exposed for a considerable depth. 
The dark surface layer on top is called 



" surface " soil. Below, extending perhaps 
to a depth of three feet, is the " subsoil." 
Underneath is " soil material " and per- 
haps farther down may be seen " bed- 
rock." Examine the various layers. They 
show the changes that occur as " soil ma- 
terial " is changed to soil. 

11. Now explain in your own words 
how soil material is prepared and how it 
is changed to a fertile soil. This would be 
a good subject for a short essay. 

EXPERIMENT i. To show what Icind of 
soil drains most readily and which holds 
the most water. 

Take two straight glass lamp chimneys 
or pieces of tubing six or eight inches long 
(see sketch), tie cheesecloth over the bot- 
toms, and trim it neatly. Then fill one 
with a dry, sandy soil and the other with 
a fine, dry, clayey one. Compact the soils 
by jarring. Then set the chimneys (see 
sketch) so that any water coming through 
the soils may be caught in glasses or pans. 

Now carefully pour water from a meas- 
ured quantity on the sandy soil just fast 
enough to keep the soil surface nicely 
covered. Consult a watch and note how 
long it takes for the water to run through 
and drip from the bottom of the column. 
At this time cease adding water and make 
note of the total amount of water added. 

Do the same with the clay. Compare 






Apparatus for Experiment I 



the time necessary for drainage to occur 
in the two cases. 

After water has ceased dripping through 
the soils, measure the amount caught in 
each case. Now see if you can determine 
which soil held more water. Ease of drain- 
age and moisture-holding capacity are 
both important in a practical way. 

Hint to teacher Water usually passes 
through sand much more rapidly than 
through clayey soils. But clayey soils have 
a much greater water capacity, especially 
if humus is present in sufficient amounts. 
To show this difference in moisture capac- 
ity the water added and that coming 
through should be carefully measured. 

Sands are well-drained soils, while clays 
often give difficulty in this respect. This 
is important in the spring when an early 
seed-bed is necessary. But clays resist 
drought better because of their high water 
capacity. These practical points should 
be brought out as the object lessons of 
this experiment. 

EXPERIMENT 2. To show that soil can 
lift water from below. 

Fill two chimneys as already directed 
in Experiment i, but instead of pouring 
water on the soils, set the chimneys in a 
shallow pan of water (see sketch ) . Watch 
what happens. In which soil does the 
water rise more rapidly? In which does 
the water rise higher after several days? 

Hint to teacher - Water rises through 
a sandy soil more rapidly than through a 
clayey one, but if time enough is given, 
the upward distance will be greater in the 
clay. It would seem, therefore, that clay 
will move water farther for the use of 
plants and convey more because of its 
greater moisture capacity. The object of 
this experiment obviously is to learn the 
capacity of soils to supply crops with mois- 
ture. Apply this thought as practically as 
possible. 

EXPERIMENT 3. To show the effect of 
organic matter on the physical condition 
of a clayey soil. 

Go to the woods, scrape away the sur- 
face accumulation of leaves and other un- 
decayed matter, and get some of the dark 
humus (leaf mold) below. Mix this with 



THE SOIL 765 

the heaviest clay soil that has been col- 
lected. Use one part of humus to three 
parts of clay. 

First, take some of the original clay, 
add water slowly, and work the soil into 
the very best condition possible for plant 
growth. Apply just the right amount of 
water. Treat the soil just as though you 
were going to pot it and use it for growing 
plants. 

Now work up the humus-treated clay in 
the same way. Which soil works up better 




Apparatus for Experiment 2 

and more easily? Compare the two sam- 
ples. Why should a good supply of or- 
ganic matter be kept in a field soil? Can 
you guess how humus affects the water- 
holding power of soil? Will it lower or 
raise it? 

Hint to teacher If leaf mold is not 
available for this exercise, use well de- 
composed organic matter of any kind. 
Humus makes soils easier to work and less- 
ens the labor of seed-bed preparation. It 
also increases the water-holding capacity 
of soils and renders land less susceptible 
to drought. These are the practical points 
that should be stressed in this experiment. 

Beside the moist clods the slender flags 
arise filled with the sweetness of the earth. 
Out of the darkness under that darkness 
which knows no day save when the plough- 
share opens its chinks they have come 
to the light. To the light they have 
brought a colour which will attract the 
sunbeams from now till harvest. 

RICHARD JEFFERIES 



766 EARTH AND SKY 

Here is a problem, a wonder for all to see. 
Look at this marvelous thing I hold in 

my hand/ 

This is a magic surprising, a mystery 
Strange as a miracle, harder to under- 
stand. 



What is it? Only a handful of dust: to your 

touch 

A dry, rough powder you trample be- 
neath your feet, 
Dark and lifeless; but think for a moment, 

how much 

It hides and holds that is beautiful, bit- 
ter, or sweet. 

Think of the glory of color/ The red of the 

rose, 
Green of the myriad leaves and the 

fields of grass, 
Yellow as bright as the sun where the 

daffodil blows, 

Purple where violets nod as the breezes 
pass. 



Strange, that this lifeless thing gives vine, 

flower, tree, 

Color and shape and character, fra- 
grance too; 
That the timber that builds the house, 

the ship for the sea, 
Out of this powder its strength and its 
toughness drew/ 
From " DUST," CELIA THAXTER 



Some years ago there was received at 
Cornell University a letter from a boy 
working upon a farm in Canada. In this 
letter he said: 

" I have read your leaflet entitled, * The 
Soil, What It Is/ and as I trudged up and 
down the furrows every stone, every lump 
of earth, every shady knoll, every sod hol- 
low had for me a new interest. The day 
passed, the work was done, and I at least 
had had a rich experience/' 



HOW VALUABLE SOIL IS LOST 

BY A. F. GUSTAFSON 

Professor of Soil Technology, Cornell University 



Were the soil indestructible and ever- 
lasting, as so many people imagine, its 
study would be of general interest only. 
Unfortunately, however, our lands are sub- 
ject to ravages and losses so extensive and 
far-reaching that not only is their crop 
producing capacity much reduced but also 
they oftentimes are threatened with total 
destruction. Because man formerly did 
not realize that this was true, he took no 
steps to prevent such losses; and when he 
finally became conscious of the danger, 
much damage had already been done. 

Many years ago, when the white man 
came to this country, he found the east- 
ern part of what is now the United States 
covered with forest trees. In the central 
Mississippi Valley area there were forests 
along many of the larger streams, and tall- 
growing prairie grasses on the wide open 
spaces between them. To the westward on 
the Great Plains, where the rainfall was 
less, the land was covered with short 



grasses. In the mountains farther west and 
along the western coast, trees grew at 
lower elevations wherever the rainfall was 
sufficient for them. Thus, in nature, the 
land was covered, protected, and held in 
place by vegetation; and that form of vege- 
tation for the growth of which conditions 
were most favorable predominated. 

The trees covered the soil somewhat 
like leaky umbrellas. Rain fell on the 
leaves, twigs, and branches; thus the fall 
of the raindrops was broken and some of 
the water ran down the branches and 
trunks of the trees directly into the soil, 
which held part of it for the use of the 
trees. Likewise, the rain fell on the prairie 
grasses and ran down into the soil very 
much as it did in the forest. 

The leaf and twig litter in the forest 
caught the water, so that much of it could 
be absorbed by the soil. The old dead 
grasses on the prairies and plains held 
water in much the same way. Under both 



THE SOIL 



767 




W. C. Mendenhall, 0. S. Geological Survey 

The work of the wind. Wind erosion is irresistible. The wind has covered forests, farmsteads, 

and even cities with sand 



grass and trees the soil was loose and open. 
Decaying roots left openings in the soil. 
The remains of leaves and grasses were 
broken down by earthworms and other 
organisms living in the soil; as these ani- 
mals moved about, they left many open- 
ings in the soil. Moreover, the decaying 
litter kept the soil in a loose condition, 
and so enabled it to absorb the rain rather 
rapidly. The litter itself also absorbed con- 
siderable water, so that less was lost as 
run-off to the streams. The old dead grass 
and the growing grass kept the water from 
running off until much of the rainfall 
soaked into the soil. The absorbed rain 
water came back to the surface of the soil 
at lower elevations, in the form of springs. 
During long periods between rains, the 
springs supplied water for man and for his 
livestock; the excess, then as now, flowed 
off to form streams which in turn fed the 
larger bodies of water. 
The white man cut down the forest 



trees and then plowed the land; a little 
later he broke the sod on the prairies. 
Once Nature's protecting cover for the 
soil was plowed under it soon rotted and 
was lost. Immediately after the forest was 
cleared, good yields of wheat, corn, and 
other farm crops were produced even on 
rather steep slopes. But when the roots 
of trees and grasses and the other organic 
matter in the soil had decayed and disap- 
peared, the supply could not be quickly re- 
newed; and as a result, the soil was no 
longer loose and open but became hard 
and closely packed. In this condition it 
would not readily absorb water, which 
consequently ran off the fields into the 
brooks. 

When the topsoil was thus left with- 
out protection, the raindrops fell directly 
on the bare surface and churned it into 
a thin mud. This mud ran down the 
slopes and filled up the small openings in 
the soil called pores. In the forest or un- 




EARTH AND SKY 



IT. S. Soil Conservation Service (N. C.) 

The sides of these old gullies have been 
seeded and mulched with pine needles; this 
helps keep the soil moist and encourages the 
growth of the young seedlings. Vegetation will 
soon cover the soil and protect it from further 
washing. Pine trees are usually planted in the 
mulch 

der the prairie grasses these pores and 
wormholes were loosely covered with lit- 
ter, and being open they permitted the 
rain to enter the soil freely. But after cul- 
tivation and rains had clogged the open- 
ings in the soil, much rain water ran off 
the sloping fields. It is the running off of 
this surface water that causes erosion or 
the loss of soil. In the farmer's sloping, 
clean-cultivated fields, the water collects 




J. S. Cutler, TL S. Soil Conservation Service (Ohio) 

Rows of cultivated crops running up and 
down the slope often permit loss of soil. The 
stubble in the foreground stopped the wasting 
of the soil. Strip cropping usually prevents 
such loss 



between the rows, and if these run down 
hill, much water and soil are lost. As more 
water runs in one place, it runs faster and 
faster; this gives it added cutting and 
carrying power, so that the top soil may 
be readily carried away. Often slight de- 
pressions such as wheel tracks or furrows 
become rills and even small gullies during 
a single rain. 

Heavy rains cause more loss of soil than 
do light showers. More soil is lost from 
steep slopes than from gentle ones. If 
heavy rain falls on wet soils, they can take 
up but little of it and most of the rain 




W. C. Lowdermilk, U. S. Forest Service 

Badly gullied slope, Oak Creek drainage 
area, California. This washing resulted from 
the Tehockapi cloudburst^ October, 1933. 
Note that one of the men in the foreground 
is up to his waist in one of the smaller gullies 

must run off over the surface. Much more 
erosion occurs, therefore, if rain falls on 
wet soil than if it falls on dry soil. Bare 
soils, clean-cultivated orchard soils, or soils 
growing cultivated crops such as vegeta- 
bles, corn, cotton, and tobacco have little 
protection and suffer greater losses by 
washing than do soils protected by forests 
or pasture or hay grasses. 

Soils that are well supplied with all 
of the plant foods and that are in good 
condition in every way produce large 



THE SOIL 



yields. Large yields which are accompanied 
by a thick thrifty growth help protect and 
hold the soil. Moreover, soil in good tilth 
is open and porous and thus takes up rain 
water, so that less runs off carrying soil and 
plant food away with it. Water absorbed 
by the soil is saved for future use; that 
which runs off the surface causes the ero- 
sion. Anything, therefore, that slows down 
the flow of water over cultivated land 
checks the loss of soil by erosion. 

During dry periods, the finest material 
in bare soils, especially sandy ones, may 
be carried away by the wind. It drifts into 
roads and ditches and onto farmsteads and 
crops so as to cause untold damage. 

SOIL EROSION, AN OLD PROBLEM 

As far back as colonial days, Washing- 
ton and Jefferson as farmers recognized 
erosion on their lands in Virginia. Geolo- 
gists have long believed that soil losses 
through erosion are so serious as to 
threaten mankind with starvation at some 
time in the future. Farmers and workers 
in experiment stations have recognized 
the menace of soil erosion for more than 
half a century; as long ago as 1885 Priestly 
H. Mangum built on his own North Caro- 
lina farm his first terrace, modeled on 
methods of terracing already in use in 
Georgia. (For further discussion of the 
Mangum terrace, as it is called after its in- 
ventor, see p. 774.) Bulletins discussing 
soil erosion were published soon after 1890 
in Tennessee and Arkansas. 

Not until 1934, however, did the fed- 
eral government make a systematic at- 
tempt to control erosion. In that year the 
Soil Erosion Service was established in 
the United States Department of the In- 
terior; it has since been broadened into 
the Soil Conservation Service and trans- 
ferred to the Department of Agriculture. 
Dr. H. H. Bennett was called on to head 
this service; he was well qualified for this 
position by his long interest in and experi- 
ence with soil erosion in the South, and 
by his recognition of the seriousness of 
the injury done by erosion to the fertile 
cotton lands of the South, the corn soils 




U. S. Soil Conservation Service (N. C.) 

Sheet erosion and gullies in a North Caro- 
lina pasture. Severe sheet erosion usually pre- 
cedes this type of gullying. Active erosion in 
places of this sort may usually be checked by 
means of grass and legumes and woody vines 
or brushy shrubs. Immediate attention is 
needed here 

of the Middle West, and the wheat and 
orchard lands of the Far West. 

One of the first tasks confronting the 
Soil Erosion Service was the making of a 
survey to learn the extent and seriousness 
of soil erosion by wind and water through- 
out the United States. The results of the 
survey were alarming. It was found that 
all but 30 per cent of the land area of the 
United States had been injured by ero- 
sion. Of the total area 45 per cent or 855,- 
000,000 acres had lost from one-fourth to 
three-fourths of the top six inches of soil. 
Of this depleted portion 10 per cent had 
lost more than three-fourths of its top- 
soil. Wind erosion had damaged 233,000,- 
ooo acres or 17 per cent of the country. 
This survey was made in 1934; and, of 
course, much additional damage has oc- 
curred during 1935, 1936, 1937, anc ^ 1 93^' 
nearly 90,000,000 acres or one-twentieth 
of the country have been severely dam- 
aged or completely destroyed for agricul- 
ture by wind erosion. By far the most of 
the total damage to the soil has been done 
by the somewhat uniform removal of sur- 
face soil, known as sheet erosion; but al- 
most one-half of the country has been 



EARTH AND SKY 



damaged by gullying, and on the land actu- 
ally occupied by gullies, they do greater in- 
jury than does sheet erosion; gullies too 
large to cross with ordinary farm imple- 
ments make farming difficult and have 
greatly increased the cost of growing some 
crops. 

SUGGESTED READING Conservation in 
the United States, by A. F. Gustafson, 
H. Ries, C. H. Guise, and W. J. Hamilton, 




J. S. Cutler, U. S. Soil Conservation Service (Mich.) 

The topsail has all been washed away from 
the hill shown in the background. Now the 
under soil is washing down upon good soil 
and covering it up a common occurrence 
in many parts of the United States 

Jr.; Conservation of the Soil, by A. F. 
Gustafson; Little Waters, by H. S. Person; 
The River, by Pare Lorentz; Soil Erosion 
and Its Control, by Quincy C. Ayres; Soil 
Erosion Control, by Austin E. Burges; 
also, readings on page 734. 

LESSON 217 
How VALUABLE SOIL Is LOST 

LEADING THOUGHT Soil on a sloping 
surface that lacks a protecting cover of 
some type of vegetation is easily washed 
away. This washing away of soil is called 
erosion. 



METHOD Erosion may be studied at 
any time, but perhaps the best time is im- 
mediately after a hard rain, in a place 
where there is some soil that is not cov- 
ered with a protecting crop. 

OBSERVATIONS i . When the white 
man came to our country, what conditions 
existed in the eastern and western sec- 
tions? Where did great grassland areas 
exist? 

2. What, in a general way, becomes of 
much of the rain that falls on land cov- 
ered by trees or heavy grass? Why is the 
soil under trees and grass usually loose and 
open? How do earthworms serve in help- 
ing the soil to remain open? See The 
Earthworm, page 422. 

3. Once rain water has been absorbed 
by the soil, under what conditions may 
we expect to see it again? 

4. Why did the early settlers remove so 
many forest trees from the land? What 
changes occurred in the soil after several 
crops had been produced? Why does 
worn-out soil become hard and packed to- 
gether? 

5. Why does much of the water that 
falls on the bare soil of sloping fields run 
off? What is erosion? 

6. Why does more erosion occur if rain 
falls on soil that is already wet, than if 
it falls on dry soil? Why do bare fields suf- 
fer more loss than do those that are cov- 
ered by forests or grass? How do trees and 
grass conserve water and soil? 

7. How long ago was erosion noticed in 
our country? 

8. What has the federal government 
done in an effort to control erosion? How 
much of the land area of the United States 
has been damaged by erosion? How much 
has been damaged by wind erosion? In 
what ways do sheet erosion and gullying 
differ? 



HOW TO CONSERVE OUR SOIL 

BY A. F. GUSTAFSON 



As already shown, sloping fields on 
which are grown clean-cultivated farm or 
garden crops and clean-cultivated or- 



chards or groves are subject to extensive 
soil erosion, which may result either from 
rains or from water running off after the 



THE SOIL 




H. A. Daniel, Oklahoma Agricultural Experiment Station 

An Oklahoma country road filed with sand after a wind storm in April, 1936. The grass and 

weeds hold the sand in drifts 




J. S. Cutler, U. S. Soil Conservation Service (Ohio) 

Strip-cropping. On sloping land clean-cultivated crops are alternated with close-growing 
crops; all are farmed on the contour. This helps to prevent erosion, and to keep water on 
the land 



772 



EARTH AND SKY 



thawing of snow. How may this loss of 
valuable soil be prevented? 

We may learn much about conserva- 
tion from Nature. Seldom does Nature 
permit much of the soil to remain bare 
or exposed long in areas that receive rain 
enough for fairly good growth of crops. 
Land that is not under a crop, if not culti- 



and materials for man's clothing. Various 
methods have been developed and used 
during the past half-century. 

Fertilization. To fertilize the soil to 
whatever extent is economical for the 
production of relatively large crop yields 
is a first step. Thrifty crops protect the soil 
better, and they leave on it more residue 
materials such as stalks of corn or cotton, 
potato tops, and wheat, oat, or barley 




"W. R. Mattoon, U. S. Forest Service (Tenn.) 

Before. Large gully with banks sloped, be- 
ing planted to black or common locust, oaks } 
and Japanese honeysuckle vines. The brush 
dam in the foreground helps to hold soil until 
the plantings get well started 

vated, is soon covered with weeds and 
grasses, and these plants help to hold the 
soil against washing. Grasses, however, 
give much better protection than do most 
weeds. In forests, or even in pastures 
or meadows that are making reasonably 
good growth, the vegetation protects and 
holds the soil. Keeping the soil covered 
and protected by close-growing vegeta- 
tion, then, is one important way of con- 
trolling soil erosion by both wind and 
water. 

Of course, we cannot grow cotton, com, 
or vegetable crops and at the same time 
keep the soil covered with grass. We must 
therefore develop ways and means of man- 
aging the land so that it will continue to 
produce food for man and his livestock 



W. R. Mattoon, IT. S. Forest Service (Tenn.) 

After, The gully shown in the opposite 
picture at the end of the first season. In an- 
other year or two the plantings will have 
checked erosion entirely 

stubble to protect it somewhat, until 
such materials are plowed under. These 
residue materials help to hold the soil to- 
gether and upon decaying supply plant 
nutrients for the crops that follow. In 
some areas, economical fertilization con- 
sists of the addition of phosphorus alone, 
in such forms as superphosphate, basic 
slag, or rock phosphate; in other areas, es- 
pecially on sandy soils, potash salts are 
needed in addition to phosphorus; and 
vegetables in general require the applica- 
tion of nitrogen as well as phosphorus 
and potash, or they may require a com- 
plete fertilizer. 

Growing legumes. In all extensive crop- 
ping systems, legumes are needed to help 
keep up the yield of grain and grass crops. 
Such legumes as red and alsike clover, 



THE SOIL 



alfalfa, lespedeza, and sweet clover can be 
used. Wherever the soil is too low in 
lime a dressing of an economical form of 
lime is needed to enable these legumes 
to protect the soil and to produce good 
yields. 

Crop rotations. The growing of crops 
in rotation is usually good farm practice. 
Rotation means the growing of crops 
in regular order such as cotton, corn, po- 
tatoes, or other vegetable crop the first 
year, barley, oats, wheat, or other grain 
crop the second year, and a legume or grass 
the third year. Grass for hay the fourth 
year often follows. On lands that wash 
rather easily, grass for hay for several ad- 
ditional years makes a longer and better 
rotation. Thus the land is kept in a culti- 
vated crop a smaller proportion of the 
time than if a three- or four-year rotation 
is followed. 

On land which is steep and easily 
eroded, long-term meadows or pasture 
give good protection to the soil and should 
at the same time provide fair income for 
such lands. Both meadows and pastures 
require fertilization, at least with phos- 
phorus and often with lime, in order that 
they may produce good yields and inci- 
dentally that they may provide suitable 
soil protection. 

Planting trees. Steeper, more easily 
eroded, shallower, and less productive 
land may well be reforested. Care should 
be taken to make certain that erosion is 
brought under control before planting, 
because several years usually pass before 
the trees that are planted become large 
enough to hold the soil in place. Once 
young trees are well established, however, 
they afford excellent protection for the 
soil. 

Contour farming. Many advantages ac- 
company the carrying out of all tillage, 
seeding, and most harvesting operations on 
the contour, or crosswise on all the main 
slopes. To begin with, it is easier to plow 
across than up and down slopes. The cross- 
wise depressions left by the plow catch 
and hold water until it soaks into the soil. 
If the soil is well plowed, seed-bed prepa- 
ration may best be done on the contour, 




W. R. Mattoon, U. S. Forest Service (Term.) 

Locusts not only hold the soil, "but enrich it; 
they also produce useful wood 

for the same reason that the plowing may 
best be done in this way. 

Seeding crops across the slopes has 
many advantages. Any depressions and 
ridges left by seeding implements check 
the flow of water over the surface and 
give the soil more opportunity to absorb 
the water. Up- and downhill cultivation, 
on the other hand, often leads to heavy 
loss of soil both by sheet erosion and by 
gullying. When grains and grasses are 
seeded on the contour the plants are in 
rows across the slope. Thus much more 
water is held by the rows than would have 
been held if the rows had been seeded up- 
and downhill. 

Contour harvesting is advantageous in 
that it requires less horse or tractor power 
than up- and downhill harvesting. Mak- 
ing wheel tracks down slopes should be 
avoided because these lead to the collec- 



774 



EARTH AND SKY 




W. A. Rockie and P. C, McGrew, Washington 
Agricultural Experiment Station 

One heavy rain caused this washing of soil. 
Note that the land under grass and shrubs to 
the left has not lost its productive topsoil 

tion of water and often result in gully 
formation. Contour tillage saves much 
water for use in dry periods and thus often 
increases crop yields materially. 

Contour strip cropping. Entire slopes 
are often plowed and planted all at the 
same time to a clean-tilled crop such as 
corn or cotton. Rain water falling on the 
slope collects in low places, and as it 
passes down over the surface, the streams 
grow larger and flow faster. Soon they at- 
tain great cutting and carrying power. Un- 
der these conditions the result of a heavy 
rain may be gullying as well as severe sheet 
washing. 

Nowadays many long slopes are broken 
up into a number of strips laid out across 
the slope so that crop rows are on the 
level. Grass is alternated with clean-tilled 
crops on part of the sloping land. On the 
other land grain is alternated with clover 
or another legume, thus completing a 
four-year rotation. Some sheet washing is 
bound to take place on bare slopes under 
heavy beating rains, but the grass strips 
check the current and cause sedimenta- 
tion. (For a fuller explanation of this proc- 
ess, see the lesson on the brook, p. 736.) 
The checking of the flow of water by the 
grass strips thus tends to prevent gully 
formation. The best width of strip to use 
varies with such factors as soil, type of 
rainfall, crops, and the steepness of slope. 



Terracing. About 1885, Mr - Priestly H. 
Mangum, who lived near Wake Forest, 
North Carolina, after observing the effects 
of various hillside ditches, developed a ter- 
race with a broad-bottomed channel so 
laid out as to give the channel a slight 
slope toward the outlet. The principles de- 
veloped by Mangum have been extensively 
adopted : terraces are now usually laid out 
in accord with a definite plan for the 
field to be protected. Each terrace has its 
own channel, which is in fact a hillside 
ditch. These channels break up long slopes 
into a number of small watersheds. The 
water instead of " running off " rapidly 
in the usual way and causing severe sheet 
washing and gullying is made to " walk " 
slowly along the contour of the land. 

In parts of the South, strip cropping is 
practiced on terraced land. One must 
study all the conditions and then employ 
such erosion-control measures as will re- 
duce the loss of soil as much as possible 
and at the same time produce the crops 
needed by man for himself and his live- 
stock. 

Controlling wind erosion. Keeping the 
soil covered with vegetation, rotating 
crops, keeping the soil rough rather than 




A. F. Gustafson 



American beach grass planted on blowing 
beach sand on Long Island, New York. Even 
such weeds as the lowly cocklebur in the fore- 
ground help hold the soil against blowing 



THE SOIL 



775 



smooth, strip cropping and seeding crops 
across the prevailing wind direction, mak- 
ing furrows across the slopes on the level 
for holding water, and planting tall crops 
or trees as windbreaks all these help to 
check the blowing away of valuable soil, 
and the drifting of sands on to crops, 
roads, and farmsteads. The level furrows 
hold water that is badly needed for crops. 
The conservation of water, therefore, pro- 
duces more plant growth and better cover 
for the protection of the soil; and, more- 
over, the water so saved keeps the soil 
moist longer and thus helps greatly in the 
control of wind erosion. 

LESSON 218 
How TO CONSERVE OUR SOILS 

LEADING THOUGHT Soils may be con- 
served by fertilization and liming, the 
growing of legumes, rotation of crops, 
reforestation, contour cultivation, strip 
cropping, and the building of terraces. 

METHOD In most sections of the 
United States, it will be possible for pu- 
pils to locate some land that has sufficient 
slope to show the effects of erosion on 
bare soil after a hard rain. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Can you find a 



clean-cultivated field on a slope that 
shows any loss of soil particles? What does 
Nature do to land from which a cultivated 
crop has been taken? In what way do 
meadows, pastures, and forests help pre- 
vent erosion? 

2. In what way can fertilizers applied 
to the soil influence the amount of ero- 
sion that takes place? 

3. How may legumes serve in the pre- 
vention of erosion? 

4. What is meant by rotation of crops? 
Does this practice have any influence in 
preventing erosion? 

5. If a farmer desires to prevent erosion 
is it better for him to plow, cultivate, and 
harvest his fields up- and downhill or on 
the contour? 

6. What is strip cropping? How does 
this method tend to check erosion? 

7. Where did Mr. Priestly Mangum 
build his first terrace? Describe a Mangum 
terrace. How do terraces check the rate of 
flow of run-off water? How does this 
lessen erosion? What kind of farming can 
be practiced on terraced land? 

8. How can the blowing of soil, or wind 
erosion, be controlled? 

9. Are some methods of control effec- 
tive for both wind and water erosion? 



THE MAGNET 



Until comparatively recent times, the 
power of the magnet was so inexplicable 
that it was regarded as the working of 
magic. The tale of the Great Black Moun- 
tain Island magnet described in the Ara- 
bian Nights Entertainments the story 
of the island that pulled the nails from 
passing ships and thus wrecked them 
was believed by the mariners of the Mid- 
dle Ages. Professor George L. Burr assures 
me that this mountain of lodestone and 
the fear which it inspired were potent fac- 
tors in the development of medieval navi- 
gation. Even yet, with all our scientific 
knowledge, the magnet is a mystery. We 
know what it does, but we do not know 
what it is. That a force unseen by us is 
flowing off the ends of a bar magnet, the 
force flowing from one end attracted to 
the force flowing from the other and re- 
pellent to a force similar to itself, we per- 
ceive clearly. We also know that there is 
less of this force at a point in the magnet 
halfway between the poles; and we know 
that the force of the magnet acts more 
strongly if we offer it more surface to act 
upon, as is shown in the experiment of 
drawing a needle to a magnet by trying to 
attract it first at its point and then along 
its length. The child likes to demonstrate 
that this force extends out beyond the 
ends of the magnet by seeing across how 
wide a space the magnet, without touch- 
ing the objects, can draw to it iron filings 
or tacks. That the magnet can impart this 
force to iron objects is demonstrated with 
curious interest, as the child takes up a 
chain of tacks at the end of the magnet; 
and yet the tacks when removed from the 
magnet have no such power of cohesion. 
That some magnets are stronger than 
others is shown in the favorite game of 
" stealing tacks/' the stronger magnet tak- 
ing them away from the weaker; it can also 
be demonstrated by a competition be- 



tween magnets, noting how many tacks 
each will hold. 

One of the most interesting things 
about a magnet is that like poles repel and 
opposite poles attract each other. How 
hard must we pull to separate two mag- 
nets that have the south pole of one 
against the north pole of the other! Even 
more interesting is the repellent power of 
two similar poles, which is shown by ap- 
proaching a suspended magnetized needle 
with a magnet. These attractive and repel- 
lent forces are most interestingly demon- 
strated by the experiment in question 13 
of the lesson. These needles floating on 
cork join the magnet or flee from it, ac- 
cording to which pole is presented to 
them. 

Not only does this power reside in the 
magnet, but it can be imparted to other 
objects of iron and steel. By rubbing one 
pole of the magnet over a needle several 
times, always in the same direction, we 
convert the needle into a magnet. If we 
suspend such a needle by a bit of thread 
from its center, and the needle is not 
affected by the nearness of a magnet or 
other metal, it will soon arrange itself 
nearly north and south. It is well to thrust 
the needle through a cork, so it will hang 
horizontally, and then suspend the cork by 
a thread. The magnetized needle will not 
point exactly north, for the magnet poles 
of the earth do not quite coincide with the 
poles of the earth's axis. 

The direction assumed by the mag- 
netized needle may be explained by the 
fact that the earth is a great magnet, but 
the south pole of the great earth magnet 
lies near the north pole of the earth. Thus, 
a magnet on the earth's surface, if allowed 
to move freely, will turn its north pole 
toward the south pole of the great earth 
magnet. Then, we might ask, why not 
call the earth's magnetic pole that lies 



THE MAGNET 



777 



nearest our North Pole its north magnetic 
pole? That is merely a matter of conven- 
ience for us. We see that the compass 
needle points north and south, and the 
arm of the needle which points north we 
conveniently call its north pole. 

The above experiment with a suspended 
needle shows how the mariner's com- 
pass is made. This most useful instrument 
is said to have been invented by the 
Chinese at least as early as 1400 B.C., and 
perhaps even longer ago. It was used by 
them to guide armies over the great plains, 
and the needle was made of lodestone. 
The compass was introduced into Europe 
about 1300 A.D., and has been used by 
mariners ever since. To "box the com- 
pass " is to tell all the points on the com- 
pass dial, and is an exercise which the 
children will enjoy. 

We are able to tell the direction of 
the lines of force flowing from a magnet 
by placing fine iron filings on a pane of 
glass or a sheet of paper and holding one 
or both poles of a magnet close beneath; 
instantly the filings assume certain lines. 
If the two ends of a horseshoe magnet are 
used, we can see the direction of the lines 
of force that flow from one pole to the 
other. 

The action of the magnetic force of the 
earth on the electrons streaming from the 
sun produces the auroral streamers called 
Aurora Borealis in North latitudes and 
Aurora Australis in high Southern lati- 
tudes. 

Magnets made from lodestone are 
called natural magnets. A bar magnet or 
a horseshoe magnet has received its mag- 
netism from some other magnet or from 
electrical sources. An electromagnet is of 
soft iron, and is only a magnet when 
under the influence of a coil of wire 
charged with electricity. As soon as the 
current is shut off, the iron immediately 
ceases to be a magnet. 

LESSON 2x9 

THE MAGNET 

LEADING THOUGHT Any substance 
that will attract iron is called a magnet, 



and the force which enables it to attract 
iron is called magnetism. This force resides 
chiefly at the ends of magnets, called the 
poles. The forces residing at the opposite 
ends of a magnet act in opposite direc- 
tions; in two magnets the like poles repel 
and the unlike poles attract each other. 
The needle of the mariner's compass 
points north and south, because the earth 
is a great magnet which has its south 
pole as a magnet near the north pole of 
the world. 

METHOD Cheap toy horseshoe mag- 
nets are sufficiently good for this lesson, 
but the teacher should have a bar mag- 
net, also a cheap toy compass, and a speci- 
men of lodestone, which can be procured 
from any dealer in minerals. In addition, 
there should be nails, iron filings, and 
tacks of both iron and brass, pins, darning 
needles or knitting needles, pens, etc. 
Each child, during play time, should have 
a chance to test the action of the magnets 
on these objects, and thus be able to 
answer for himself the questions, which 
should be given a few at a time. 

OBSERVATIONS i. How do we know 
that an object is a magnet? How many 
kinds of magnets do you know? Of what 
substance are the objects which the mag- 
nets can pick up made? Does a magnet 
pick up as many iron filings at its middle 
as at its ends? What does this show? 

2. How far away from a needle must 
one end of the magnet be before the 
needle leaps toward it? Does it make any 
difference in this respect, if the magnet 
approaches the needle toward the point 
or along its length? Does this show that 
the magnetic force extends out beyond 
the magnet? Does it show that the mag- 
netic force works more strongly where it 
has more surface to act upon? 

3. Take a tack and see if it will pick 
up iron filings or another tack. Place a 
tack on one end of the magnet; does the 
tack pick up iron filings now? What do 
you think is the reason for this difference 
in the powers of the tack? 

4. Are some magnets stronger than 
others? Will some magnets pull the iron 
filings off from others? In the game of 



778 



EARTH AND SKY 



" stealing tacks/' which can be played 
with two magnets, does each end of the 
magnet work equally well in pulling the 
tacks away from the other magnet? 

5. Pick up a tack with a magnet. Hang 
another tack to this one end to end. How 
many tacks will it thus hold? Can you 
hang more tacks to some magnets than to 
others? Will the last tack picked up at- 
tract iron filings as strongly as the first 
next to the magnet? Why? Pull off the 
tack which is next to the magnet. Do 
the other tacks continue to hold together? 
Why? Instead of placing the tacks end to 
end, pick up one tack with the magnet 
and place others around it. Will it hold 
more tacks in this way? Why? If a magnet 
is covered with iron filings will it hold as 
many tacks without dropping the filings? 

6. Take two horseshoe magnets and 
bring their ends together. Then turn one 
over and again bring the ends together. 
Will they cling to each other more or less 



the other; what happens? Bring the eye 
of one toward the eye of the other; what 
happens? When a needle is thus mag- 
netized the end which turns toward the 
north is called the north pole, and the end 
pointing south is called the south pole. 

1 1 . Try this same experiment by thrust- 
ing the needles through the top of a cork 
and floating them on a pan of water. Do 
the north poles of these needles attract or 
repel each other? Do the south poles of 
these needles attract or repel each other? 
If you place the north pole of one needle 
at the south pole of the other do they join 
and make one long magnet pointing north 
and south? 

12. Take a pocket compass; place the 
north end of one of the magnetized nee- 
dles near the north arm of the compass 
needle; what happens? Place the south 
pole of the needle near the north arm of 
the compass needle; what happens? Can 
you tell by the action of your magnet 



strongly than before? Bring two ends of upon the compass needle which end of 



two bar magnets together; do they hold 
fast to each other? Change ends with 
one; now do the two magnets cling more 
or less closely than before? Does this show 
that the forces in the two ends of a magnet 
are different in character? 

7. Magnetize a metal knitting needle or 
a long sewing needle by rubbing one end 
of a magnet along its length twelve times, 
always in the same direction, and not bade 
and forth. Does a needle thus treated pick 
up iron filings? Why? 

8. Suspend this magnetized needle by a 
thread from some object where it can 
swing clear, or, better, float a magnetized 
sewing needle on the surface of a glass 
of water. When it finally rests, does it 
point north and south or east and west? 

9. Bring one end of a bar magnet or of 
a horseshoe magnet near to the north end 
of the suspended needle; what happens? 
Bring the other end of the magnet near 
the north end of the needle; what hap- 
pens? 

10. Magnetize two needles so that their 
eyes point in the same direction when 
they are suspended. Then bring the point 
of one of these needles toward the eye of 



your magnet is the north pole and which 
the south pole? 

13. Magnetize several long sewing nee- 
dles by rubbing some of them with the 
magnet from the point toward the eye 
and some from the eye toward the point. 
Take some small corks, cut them in cross 
sections about one-fourth inch thick, and 
thrust a needle down through the center 
of each leaving only the eye above the 
cork. Then set them afloat on a pan of 
water. How do they act toward each other? 
Try them with a bar magnet first with one 
end and then with the other; how do they 
act? 

14. Describe how the needle in the 
mariner's compass is used in navigation. 

15. Place fine iron filings on a pane of 
glass or on a stiff paper. Pass a magnet un- 
derneath; what forms do the filings as- 
sume? Do they make a picture of the di- 
rection of the lines of force which come 
from the magnet? Describe or sketch the 
direction of these lines of force, when the 
poles of a horseshoe magnet are placed be- 
low the filings. Place two similar poles of 
a bar magnet beneath the filings; what 
form do they take now? 



THE MAGNET 



779 



16. What is lodestone? Why is it so 
called? 

17. What is the difference between 
lodestone and a bar magnet? What is an 
electromagnet? 

18. Write an English theme on "The 
Discovery and Early Use of the Mariner's 
Compass/ 7 

Now, chief of all, the magnet's power I 



And from what laws the attractive func- 

tions spring; 
The magnet's name the observing Gre- 

cians drew 

From the magnetic regions where it grew; 
Its viewless potent virtues men surprise, 
Its strange effects they view with wonder- 

ing eyes, 
When, without aid of hinges, links, or 

springs, 
A pendant chain we hold of steely rings 



Dropt from the stone the stone the 
binding source, 

Ring cleaves to ring, and owes magnetic 
force: 

Those held superior, those below main- 
tain, 

Circle 'neath circle downward draws in 
vain, 

Whilst free in air disports the oscillating 
chain. 

"DE RERUM NATURE," LUCRETIUS, 

93-52 B.C. 

SUGGESTED READING Discovering Our 
World, Book i, by Wilbur L. Beauchamp, 
Mary Melrose and Glenn O. Blough; 
Easy Experiments in Elementary Science, 
by Herbert McKay; Magnetism and Elec- 
tricity (Living in a World of Science 
Series), by Morris Meister; Science Re- 
lated to Life, by Frank Reh, Book 3, Mag- 
netism and Electricity. 



CLIMATE AND WEATHER 

BY WILFORD M. WILSON 

Late Section Director, U. S. Weather Bureau, and Professor of Meteorology 
in Cornell University. 




Lightning flash behind a cloud 



The atmosphere,, at the bottom of 
which we live, may be compared to a great 
ocean of air, about two hundred miles 
deep ? resting upon the earth. The changes 
and movements that take place in this 
ocean of air, the storms that invade it, 
the clouds that float in it, the sunshine, 
the rain, the dew, the sleet, the frost, the 
snow, and the hail are termed " weather/' 

Let us suppose we have just returned 
from a trip, of two or three months, to 
some distant part of the country. We can 
tell of the people we saw, the cities we 
visited, and the weather we found in the 
various places; but we cannot tell, from 
personal experience, about the climate of 
the places we visited. The weather is the 
condition of the atmosphere at the mo- 
ment, while climate is the sum total of 
weather conditions over a period of sev- 



eral years. One season may be very dry, 
while another may be very wet, one may 
be exceedingly cold, and the next may be 
unusually hot; but climate is a term which 
includes all of these variations. 

A study of weather quite naturally re- 
sults in a study of climate, since climate 
includes, in addition to all the regular 
daily, monthly, seasonal, or annual aver- 
ages, all the extreme departures from these 
general conditions. We live in weather; 
we partake of its moods;, we reflect its sun- 
shine and shadows; it invades the everyday 
affairs of life, influences every business 
and social activity, and molds the char- 
acter of nations; and yet nearly everything 
we know about the weather has been 
learned within the lifetime of the present 
generation. Not that the weather did not 
interest men of early times, but the prob- 



CLIMATE AND WEATHER 



781 



lem appeared to be so complicated and so 
complex that it baffled their utmost en- 
deavors. 

SUGGESTED READING A Book about 
the Weather, by Charles F. Talman; Ex- 
ploring the Upper Atmosphere, by Dor- 
othy Fisk; Meteorology, by Donald S. Pis- 
ton; Weather, by Gayle Pickwell; Why 
the Weather?, by Charles F. Brooks. 

THE TOWER OF THE WINDS AT ATHENS 

The Tower of the Winds, erected prob- 
ably before 35 B.C., indicates the knowl- 
edge of the weather possessed by the 
ancient Greeks. This tower is a little octa- 
gon, the eight sides of which face the 
eight principal winds. On each of its eight 
sides is a human figure cut in the marble, 
symbolizing the kind of weather the wind 
from that particular direction brought to 
Athens. 

Boreas, the cold north wind, is rep- 
resented by the figure of an old man 
wearing a thick mantle, high buskins 
(boots) , and blowing on a " wreathed 
horn/' Caecias, the northeast wind, which 
brought, and still brings to Athens, cold, 
snow, sleet, and hail, is symbolized by a 
man with a severe countenance who is 
holding a dish of olives, because this 
wind shakes down the olives in Attica. 

Apeliotes, the east wind, which brought 
weather favorable to the growth of vegeta- 
tion, is shown by the figure of a beautiful 
youth bearing fruit and flowers in his 
tucked-up mantle. 




Notus, the warm south wind, brought 
rain, and he is about to pour the water 
over the earth from the jar which he car- 
ries. 

Lips, the southwest wind, beloved of 
the Greek sailors, drives a ship before him, 




J. H. Comstock 

The Tower of the Winds at Athens 



Photomicrograph by W. A. Bentley 

Snow crystal 

while Zephyrus, the gentle west wind, is 
represented by a youth lightly clad, scat- 
tering flowers as he goes. 

Sciron, the northwest wind, which 
brought dry and usually cold weather to 
Athens, is symbolized in the figure of a 
man holding a vessel of charcoal in his 
hands, because this wind parched the 
vegetation. Thus, the character of the 
weather brought by each separate wind is 
fixed in stone, and from this record we 
learn that, even with the lapse of twenty 
centuries, there has come no material 
change. 

HISTORICAL 

There is no record of any rational prog- 
ress having been made in the study of the 
weather until about the middle of the 
seventeenth century, when Torricelli dis- 
covered the principles of the barometer. 
This was a most important discovery and 
marks the beginning of the modern sci- 
ence of meteorology. Soon after Torri- 
celli's discovery of the barometer his great 
teacher, Galileo, discovered the thermom- 
eter, and thus made possible the collec- 
tion of data upon which all meteorologi- 
cal investigations are based. About one 
hundred years after the discovery of the 
barometer, Benjamin Franklin made a dis- 
covery of equal importance. He demon- 
strated that storms were eddies in the at- 
mosphere, and that they progressed or 



782 



EARTH AND SKY 



moved as a whole, along the surface of 
the earth. 

It might be interesting to learn how 
Franklin made this discovery. Franklin, 
being interested at that time in astron- 
omy, had arranged with a friend in Bos- 
ton to take observations of a lunar eclipse 
at the same time that he, himself, was to 
take observations at Philadelphia. On the 
night of the eclipse a terrific northeast 
wind and rain storm set in at Philadelphia, 
and Franklin was unable to make any ob- 
servations. He reasoned, that as the wind 
blew from the northeast, the storm must 
have been experienced in Boston before 
it reached Philadelphia. But imagine his 
surprise, when he heard from his friend 
in Boston that the night had been clear 
and favorable for observation, but that a 
fierce wind and rain storm set in on the 
following morning. Franklin determined 
to investigate. He sent out letters of in- 
quiry to all surrounding mail stations, ask- 
ing for the time of the beginning and 
ending of the storm, the direction and 
strength of the wind, etc. When the in- 
formation contained in the replies was 
charted on a map it showed that, at all 
places to the southwest of Philadelphia, 
the beginning of the storm was earlier 
than at Philadelphia, while at all places to 
the northeast of Philadelphia the begin- 
ning of the storm was later than at Phila- 
delphia. Likewise, the ending was earlier 
to the southwest and later to the northeast 
of Philadelphia than at Philadelphia. He 
also found that the winds in every instance 
passed through a regular sequence, setting 
in from some easterly point and veering to 
the south as the storm progressed, then to 
the southeast and finally to the west or 
northwest as the storm passed away and 
the weather cleared. 

A further study of these facts convinced 
Franklin that the storm was an eddy in the 
atmosphere, that the eddy moved as a 
whole from the southwest toward the 
northeast, and that the winds blew from 
all directions toward the center of the 
eddy, impelled by what he termed suction. 

Franklin was so far in advance of his 
time that his ideas about storms made lit- 



tle impression on his contemporaries, and 
so it remained for Redfield, Espy, Loomis, 
Henry and Maury, and other American 
meteorologists, a hundred years later, to 
show that Franklin had gained the first 
essentially correct and adequate concep- 
tion of the structure and movement of 
storms. 

During the first half of the nineteenth 
century, considerable progress was made 
in the study of storms, principally by 
American meteorologists, among whom 
was William Redfield of New York, who 
first demonstrated that storms had both a 
rotary and a progressive movement. James 
Espy followed Redfield in the construc- 
tion of weather maps, although he had al- 
ready published much on meteorological 
subjects before the latter entered the field. 

Professor Joseph Henry, secretary of the 
Smithsonian Institution at Washington, 
was the first to prepare a daily weather 
map from observations collected by tele- 
graph. He made no attempt to make fore- 
casts, but used his weather map to dem- 
onstrate to members of Congress the 
feasibility of a national weather service. 

An incident occurred during the Cri- 
mean War that gave meteorology a great 
impetus, especially in Europe. On No- 
vember 10, 1854, while the French fleet 
was at anchor in the Black Sea, a storm 
of great intensity occurred which practi- 
cally destroyed its effectiveness against the 
enemy. The investigation that followed 
showed that the storm came from western 
Europe, and that if there had been ade- 
quate means of communication and its 
character and direction of progress been 
known, it would have been possible to 
warn the fleet of its approach and thus 
afford an opportunity for its protection. 

This report created a profound impres- 
sion among scientific men, and active 
measures were taken at once, which re- 
sulted in the organization of weather 
services in the principal countries of Eu- 
rope between 1855 and 1860. 

The work of Professor Henry Abbe, 
and others in this country would, doubt- 
less, have resulted in such an organization 
in the United States in the early 6o's, had 



CLIMATE AND WEATHER 



783 



not the Civil War intervened, absorbing 
public attention to the exclusion of other 
matters. It was not until 1870 that Dr. 
Increase A. Lapham of Milwaukee, in 
conjunction with Representative Paine of 
that city, was able so to present the claims 
for a national weather service that the act 



giving birth to the present meteorological 
bureau in the United States was finally 
passed by Congress. Dr. Lapham issued 
from Chicago, Illinois, on November 
10, 1871, the first official forecast of 
the weather which was made in this 
country. 



THE ATMOSPHERE 



What is known about the atmosphere 
of our earth has been learned from the ex- 
ploration of a comparatively thin layer at 
the bottom. There is reason to believe 
that the atmosphere extends upward 
about two hundred miles from the surface 
of the earth. We have a great mass of ob- 
servations made at the surface, some on 
mountains, but few in the free air more 
than a few miles above the surface. Our 
knowledge of the upper atmosphere is, 
therefore, in the nature of conclusions 
drawn from such observations as are at 
hand, and is subject to changes and modi- 
fications as the facts become known by 
actual observation. During the past few 
years a concerted effort has been made in 
various parts of the world to explore the 
upper atmosphere by means of balloons, 
airplanes, and the radio meteorograph; 
temperature, pressure, and humidity can 
be recorded each minute. From obser- 
vations thus obtained much has been 
learned about the upper atmosphere that 
was not even suspected before. Some the- 
ories have been confirmed and others de- 
stroyed, but this line of research, air mass 
analysis, is gradually bringing us nearer the 
truth. 

The work is being carried on under the 
direction of the United States Weather 
Bureau, in co-operation with the United 
States Army and Navy. 

AIR AS A GAS 

Air is not a simple substance, as was 
once supposed, but is composed of a 
number of gases, each one of which tends 
to form an atmosphere of its own, just as 
it would if none of the other gases were 



present. The different gases of the atmos- 
phere are not chemically combined but 
are very thoroughly mixed, as one might 
mix sugar and salt. Samples of air col- 




Photomicrograph by 

W. A. Bentley 

Snow crystal 

lected from all parts of the world show 
that the relative proportion of the gases 
forming the atmosphere is practically uni- 
form. 

THE COMPOSITION OF Am 

Dry air is composed chiefly of oxygen 
and nitrogen. There are, however, small 
quantities of carbon dioxide, argon, he- 
lium, krypton, neon, hydrogen, and xenon, 
and probably other gases yet to be dis- 
covered. 

The approximate proportion by volume 
is as follows: nitrogen 78 parts, oxygen 
21 parts, argon i part, carbon dioxide .03 
part, and krypton, helium, and xenon a 
trace. Pure dry air does not exist in na- 
ture, so there is always present in natural 
air a variable amount of water vapor, de- 
pending upon the temperature and the 
source of supply. Besides these, which 
may be termed the permanent constitu- 
ents of the atmosphere, many other sub- 
stances are occasionally met with. Light- 
ning produces minute quantities of am- 



7 8 4 



EARTH AND SKY 



monia, nitrous acid, and ozone. Dust 
comes from the earth, salt from the sea, 
while innumerable micro-organisms, most 
of which are harmless, besides the pollen 
and spores of plants, are frequently found 
floating in the atmosphere. Recent inves- 
tigations in atmospheric electricity lead to 
the conclusion that electric ions are also 
present, and perform important func- 
tions, especially with respect to precipi- 
tation. 

OXYGEN 

Oxygen is one of the most common 
substances. It exists in the atmosphere as 
a transparent, odorless, tasteless gas. It 
combines with hydrogen to form the 
water of the oceans, and with various other 
substances to form much of the solid crust 
of the earth. Chemically, it is a very active 
gas, and because of its tendency to unite 
with other substances to form chemical 
compounds, it is believed that the volume 
of oxygen now in the atmosphere is less 
than during the early history of the earth. 
It supports combustion by combining 
with carbon and other substances, produc- 
ing light and heat. It combines with some 
of the organic constituents of the blood, 
through the function of respiration, which 
is in itself a slow process of combustion, 
and thus supports life and maintains the 
bodily heat. 

NITROGEN 

Nitrogen forms the largest proportion 
of the atmosphere, but unlike oxygen it 
is a very inert substance, uniting with no 
element at ordinary temperatures, and at 
high temperatures with only a few; and 
when it is so united, the bonds that hold it 
are easily broken and the gas set free. For 
this reason, it is utilized in the manufac- 
ture of explosives, such as gunpowder, gun- 
cotton, nitroglycerine, dynamite, etc. Its 
office in the atmosphere appears to be to 
give the air greater weight and to dilute the 
oxygen, for in an atmosphere of pure oxy- 
gen a fire once started could not be con- 
trolled. Although nitrogen does not con- 
tribute directly to animal life, in that it is 
not absorbed and assimilated from the air 



direct as oxygen is, nevertheless it is a very 
important element of food for both ani- 
mals and plants, and in combination with 
other substances forms a large proportion 
of animal and vegetable tissues. 

CARBON DIOXIDE 

Carbonic acid gas, known chemically as 
CO 2 , is a product of combustion. It re- 
sults from the burning of fuel and is ex- 
haled by the breathing of animals. It also 
results from certain chemical reactions. 




Photomicrograph by W. A. Bentley 

Snow crystal 

The amount in the atmosphere varies 
slightly, being somewhat greater at night 
than by day and during cloudy weather 
than during clear weather. Air containing 
more than 0.06% of carbon dioxide is not 
fit to breathe, not because air loaded with 
carbon dioxide is poisonous, but because 
it excludes the oxygen and thus produces 
death by suffocation. It is considerably 
heavier than air, and in certain localities 
where it is emitted from the ground, accu- 
mulates in low places in such quantities 
as to suffocate animals. Death's Gulch, a 
deep ravine in Yellowstone Park, and 
Dog's Grotto near Naples, are examples. 
At the latter place, the gas, because it is 
heavier than air, lies so close to the ground 
that a man standing erect will have no dif- 
ficulty in breathing, while a dog will die 
of suffocation. It also accumulates in un- 
used wells, cisterns, and mines, and can 
usually be detected by lowering a lighted 
candle. If carbon dioxide is present in 
large quantities, the candle will be extin- 
guished because of the lack of oxygen to 
support combustion. 



CLIMATE AND WEATHER 



Although carbon dioxide forms but a 
small proportion of the atmosphere, it is 
a very important element in plant life. 
Animals consume oxygen and exhale car- 
bon dioxide, while plants take in carbon 
dioxide and give off oxygen; thus, the 
amount of these gases in the atmosphere 
is maintained at an equilibrium. Plants, 
through their leaves, absorb the carbon 
dioxide, which is decomposed by the sun- 
light, returning the oxygen free into the 
air, while the carbon is used to build up 
plant tissue. 

OTHER GASES 

Argon, on account of its resemblance to 
nitrogen, was not discovered until 1894; 
it was included with the nitrogen in all 
previous analyses of air. It constitutes 
about 1% of air by volume. Krypton, 
neon, and xenon exist in minute quanti- 
ties and have some interest chemically, 
but little for the meteorologists. Helium 
and hydrogen probably exist at great ele- 
vations in the atmosphere. 

WATER VAPOR 

The vapor of water in the atmosphere 
varies from about i % for arid regions to 
about 5% of the weight of the air for 




Photomicrograph by W. A. Bentley 

Compound snow crystals 

warm, humid regions. It is a little over 
one-half as heavy as air, and moist air 
is, therefore, lighter than dry air; but 
the increase of moisture near the center 
of cyclones has only a slight effect in 
reducing the pressure. The amount of 
vapor decreases very rapidly with eleva- 
tion, and probably disappears at an ele- 



7 8 5 

vation of five or six miles above the sur- 
face. The amount of water in the form of 
vapor that can exist in the atmosphere 
increases with the temperature, being .54 




Photomicrograph by 
W. A. Bentley 

Snow crystal 

grain Troy per cubic foot at zero tem- 
perature and 14.81 at 90. When the air 
has taken up all the moisture it can con- 
tain at a given temperature it is said to be 
saturated. 

The dewpoint is the temperature at 
which saturation occurs. If the air is satu- 
rated, the temperature of the air and the 
dewpoint will be the same, but if the air 
is not saturated the dewpoint will be be- 
low that of the air. 

Relative humidity is expressed in per- 
centages of the amount necessary to satu- 
rate. If the air contains one-half enough 
vapor to saturate it, the relative humidity 
will be 50%; if one-fourth enough to satu- 
rate, 25%; if saturated, ioo% ? etc. 

The absolute humidity is the actual 
amount of water in the form of vapor in 
the air, and is usually expressed by weight 
in grains per cubic foot or in inches of 
mercury, the weight of which would coun- 
terbalance the weight of the vapor in the 
air. The conditions present in a volume of 
saturated air at a temperature of 32 may 
be expressed as follows: Relative humid- 
ity 100%; dewpoint 32; absolute humid- 
ity 2.11 grains per cubic foot or .18 inch. 

PRESSURE OF ATMOSPHERE 

Although the atmosphere is composed 
of these various gases, it acts in all respects 
like a simple, single gas. It is very elastic, 
is easily compressed, expands when heated 
and contracts when cooled. It is acted 
upon by gravity and, therefore, has weight 



y86 



EARTH AND SKY 




"Weather Bureau, U. S. D. A. 

Aneroid barograph 

and exerts pressure ? which at sea level 
amounts to about 14.7 pounds on each 
square inch of the surface. Because it is 
compressible and has weight, it is more 
dense at the surface than at any elevation 
above the surface, and as we ascend in 
the atmosphere, the weight or pressure de- 
creases in proportion to the weight of that 
part of the atmosphere left below. The 
weight or pressure of the atmosphere is 
measured by means of a barometer and is 
expressed in terms of inches of mercury. 
The normal atmosphere at sea level will 
sustain a column of mercury about thirty 
inches high, and we therefore say that the 
normal pressure of the atmosphere is 
thirty inches. (See the lessons on air pres- 
sure and the barometer.) 

LESSON 220 
EXPERIMENTS TO SHOW AIR PRESSURE 

LEADING THOUGHT The air presses 
equally in all directions. 

EXPERIMENT i. To show that air presses 
upward. 

Fill a tumbler which has an unbroken 
edge as full of water as possible. Take a 
piece of writing paper and cover the turn- 
bier, pressing the paper down firmly upon 
the edge of the glass. Turn the glass bot- 
tom side up and ask why the water does 
not flow out. Allow a little air to enter; 
what happens? Why? Turn the glass filled 
with water and covered with paper side- 
wise; does the water flow out? If not, why? 

EXPERIMENT 2. To show that air passes 
downward. 



Ask some of the boys of the class to 
make what they call a sucker. This is 
a piece of leather a few inches across. 
Through its center a string is drawn which 
fits very closely into the leather and is 
held in place by a very flat knot on 
the lower side. Dampen the leather and 
press it against any flat surface, and try 
to pull it off. If possible, place the sucker 
on a flat stone and see how heavy a 
stone can be lifted by the sucker. Ask why 
a sucker clings so to the flat surface. If a 
little air is allowed to get between the 
sucker and the stone, what happens? 
Why? 

Hints to the teacher regarding the 
experiments The water is kept in the 
tumbler in Experiment i by the pressure 
of the atmosphere against the paper. If the 
tumbler is tipped to one side the water 
still remains in the glass, which shows that 
the air is pressing against the paper from 
the side with sufficient force to restrain the 
water, and if the tumbler is tipped bot- 
tom side up it shows the air is pressing up- 
ward with sufficient force to keep the 
water within the glass. 




Photomicrograph by W. A. Bentley 

Composite snow crystal; high cloud at the 
center and medium high cloud at the border 

In the case of Experiment 2, we know 
that the leather pressing upon the floor or 
on the stone is not in itself adhesive, but 
it is made wet simply so that it shall press 
against the smooth surface more closely. 
The reason why we cannot pull it off is 
that the air is pressing down upon it with 
the force of about fifteen pounds to the 
square inch. If the experiment is per- 



CLIMATE AND WEATHER 



787 



formed at sea level, we should be able to 
lift by the string of the sucker a stone 
weighing fifteen pounds. The reason why 
the water falls out of the tumbler after a 
little air is let beneath the paper is that 
then the air is pressing on both sides of 
the paper; and the reason why the sucker 
will not hold if there is any air between it 
and the stone is that the air is pressing 
in both directions upon it. 

LESSON 221 

EXPERIMENT TO SHOW WEIGHT OF AIR: 
THE BAROMETER 

LEADING THOUGHT The weight of 
our atmosphere balances a column of mer- 
cury about thirty inches high, and is equal 
to about fifteen pounds to the square inch. 
This pressure varies from day to day, and 
becomes less as the height of the place 
increases. The barometer is an instrument 
for measuring the atmospheric pressure. 
It is used in finding the height of moun- 
tains, and, to a certain extent, it indicates 
changes of the weather. 

METHOD A glass tube about 36 inches 
long, closed at one end; a little glass fun- 
nel about an inch in diameter at the top; 
a small cup a bird's bathtub is a good 
size since it allows plenty of room for the 




fingers; mercury enough to fill the tube 
and have the mercury an inch or more 
deep in the cup. Be careful not to spill the 




Weather Bureau, TJ. S. D. A. 

Aneroid barometer 



A barometer made by pupils 

mercury in the following process, or you 
will be as badly off as old Sisyphus with his 
rolling stone. 

Set the closed end of the tube in the 
empty cup so that any spilled mercury 
will not be lost; with the help of the fun- 
nel slowly and carefully fill the tube clear 
to the top with the mercury; empty the 
rest of the mercury into the cup; place the 
end of one of the fingers of the left hand 
tightly over the open end of the tube and 
keep it there; with the right hand invert 
the tube, keeping the end closed with the 
finger, and place the hand, finger and all, 
beneath the mercury in the cup, then re- 
move the finger, keeping the open end of 
the tube all the time below the surface 
of the mercury. When the mercury has 
ceased to fall, measure the distance from 



EARTH AND SKY 




Weather Bureau, U. S. D. A. 

Valley fog and cirro-stratus clouds seen from 
Mt. Wilson 

the surface in the cup to the top of the 
mercury in the tube. 

OBSERVATIONS i . How high is the 
column of mercury in the tube? 

2. What keeps the mercury in the tube? 
Place the cup and the tube on a table in 
the corner of the room, place behind the 
tube a yardstick, and note whether the 
column of mercury is the same height 
day after day. If it varies, why? 

3. Would the mercury column be as 
high in the tube if it were placed on top of 
a mountain as it would at the foot? Why? 

THE HEIGHT OF THE ATMOSPHERE 

Atmosphere is the general term applied 
to the layer of air which surrounds the 
earth. It is about two hundred miles in 
height; and it is further divided into tropo- 
sphere, tropopause, and stratosphere. The 
troposphere averages about ten miles in 
height and in it all storms are found. The 
tropopause is a region just beyond the 
troposphere, and almost no activity exists 
there. The stratosphere is the portion ex- 
tending far out into space; it has no wind 
and no weather. In the stratosphere all is 
at rest. 

As we have seen, the air near the sur- 
face is a mixture of eight gases. These 
gases are kept from flying off into space 



by the force of gravity, just as a piece of 
iron, stone, or a building is held fast to 
the earth by the same force. Gravity acts 
with greater force on some things than on 
others. For example, a piece of iron is 
pulled down by gravity with greater force 
than is a piece of wood of the same size; 
likewise, a piece of lead is pulled down 
with greater force than a piece of iron. We 
therefore say that iron is heavier than 
wood and that lead is heavier than iron, 
simply because gravity acts with greater 
force on the one than on the other. The 
weights of gases differ just as the weights 
of different solids, such as lead, wood, or 
iron differ. For instance, nitrogen is 14 
and oxygen 16 times heavier than hydro- 
gen. 

Gases having the least weight extend 
upward the farthest, because the lighter 
the gas the greater its expansive force. 
Every boy who rides a bicycle takes advan- 
tage of the expansive force of air when he 
pumps his tires. The air is compressed by 
the pump into the tube and the expansive 
force exerted by the air in trying to expand 
makes the tire " stand up." If it requires 
10 pounds pressure to compress the gas 
into the tube, the expansive force will be 
just 10 pounds. 

There are two forces in constant opera- 
tion on each gas that surrounds the earth, 
viz. 7 expansive force and gravity. Expan- 
sive force pushes the gas up and gravity 
pulls it down, but the force of gravity de- 




Weather Bureau, TJ. S. D. A. 

Tufted cirrus clouds 



CLIMATE AND WEATHER 



789 



creases as the distance from the center of 
the earth increases, so there is a point at a 
certain distance above the earth where the 
two forces just balance each other, and 
each gas will expand upward to that point 
but will not rise beyond it. Therefore, if 
we know the expansive force of a gas and 
the rate at w 7 hich gravity decreases, it is 
possible to calculate the height to which 
the different gases that compose the air 
will rise. 

In this way it has been determined that 
carbon dioxide, which is one of the 
heavier gases, extends upward about 10 
miles, water vapor about 12 miles, oxygen 
about 30 miles, and nitrogen about 35 
miles, while hydrogen and helium, the 
lightest gases known, do not appear at the 
surface at all, but probably exist at a height 
of from 30 miles to possibly 200 miles. 

There are other ways in which we are 
able to gain some idea of the approximate 
height at which there is an appreciable at- 
mosphere. When the rays of light from 
the sun enter our atmosphere they are 
broken up or scattered diffracted so 
that the atniosphere is partially lighted for 
some time before sunrise and after sunset. 
This is called twilight. If there were no 
atmosphere, there would be no twilight, 
and darkness would fall the instant the 
sun passed below the horizon. Twilight, 
which is caused by the sun shining on 
the upper atmosphere, is perceptible until 
the sun is about 16 below the horizon. 




Todd's New Astronomy 

The zone of twilight in midwinter 

From this it is calculated that the atmos- 
phere has sufficient density at a height of 
40 miles to scatter, or diffract, sunlight. 

Observations of meteors, commonly 
called shooting stars, indicate that there 



is an appreciable atmosphere at a height of 
nearly 200 miles. Meteors are solid bodies 
flying with great velocity through space. 
Occasionally they enter our atmosphere. 




Taylor Instrument 
Companies 

Maximum and minimum thermometer. The 
index, a miniature glass bottle with a piece of 
steel wire inside, is left at the highest and 
lowest points recorded; it can be pulled down 
with a magnet 

Their velocity is so great that the slight 
resistance offered by the air generates 
enough heat by friction, or by the .com- 
pression of the air in the path of the 
meteor, to make it red hot or to burn it 
up before it reaches the bottom of the at- 
mosphere. Only the largest meteors reach 
the earth. 

When a meteor is observed by two or 
more persons at a known distance from 
each other, and the angle which the line of 
vision makes with the horizon is noted by 
each, it is a simple matter to calculate the 
distance from the earth where the lines of 
vision intersect, and thus determine the 
height of the meteor. In this way, reliable 
observations have given the height at 
which there is sufficient density in the at- 
mosphere to render meteors luminous as 
188 miles. 



79 o EARTH AND SKY 

TEMPERATURE OF THE ATMOSPHERE 

The condition of the atmosphere with 
respect to its temperature is determined 
by means of the thermometer. This instru- 
ment is in such common use that a de- 
tailed description is not necessary. It 
might be interesting to note that the in- 



mined. This is obviated in the modem 
thermometer by the use of mercury or al- 
cohol in a vacuum tube. Mercury is not 
used when very low temperatures must be 
registered, because it congeals at about 45 
degrees below zero Fahrenheit. 



H : 


80 ^ T 


: l oo _^ , 


a | 5ol!inq 
i water 




2 


_ 4, j 


= 200 


C : 


-1 . 


: 9o ^ J 




2 - 
c 

P ': 


7o Q 


1 l! 


E I 9 

1 1 a o 




O 


:Qo -- j 




in : 


60 N 


: ! 


[170 


o 
* : 

r 


in 

5. 


i 7 si 


E i 6 

\ i 50 




5 R. 


= 60 ^ -i 


j i 4o 








! i 3 o 






: -; 


| t 




;^0 


:^ : 


E l 2 o 








E 1 1 




:3o 


: 4 : 


i 1 O O 






= 3o 


E 90 




; &lt;2o 




\ do 






loo ; 


I/O 








; 60 




lo 










Mo 


\5 







Taylor Instrument Companies 

The three standard thermometer scales 

strument invented by Galileo was very dif- 
ferent from those now in use. Galileo's 
original thermometer was what is know 
as an air thermometer, and its operation 
when subjected to different degrees of 
heat or cold depended upon the expansion 
and contraction of air instead of mercury 
or alcohol. It had one serious defect, viz., 
the length of a column of air is affected by 
pressure as well as by temperature and it 
was therefore necessary, when using this 
thermometer, to obtain the pressure of 
the atmosphere by means of the barome- 
ter before the temperature could be deter- 



THERMOMETER SCALES IN USE 

There are three systems in common use 
for marking the degrees on the scale, viz., 
Fahrenheit, Centigrade, and Reaumur. 

The Fahrenheit scale was the invention 
of a German by that name, but it is worthy 
of note that this scale is used principally 
by English-speaking nations and is not in 
common use in Germany. Fahrenheit 
found that by mixing snow and salt he 
was able to obtain a very low temperature, 
and believing that the temperature thus 
obtained was the lowest possible he 
started his scale at that point, which he 
called zero. He then fixed the freezing 
temperature of water 32 degrees above 
this zero, and the boiling point of water 
at 212 degrees. There are, therefore, 180 
divisions or degrees between the freezing 
and boiling point of water on the Fahren- 
heit scale. 

The Centigrade scale starts with zero at 
the freezing point of water and makes the 
boiling point 100. Thus 180 degrees on the 
Fahrenheit scale equal 100 degrees on 
the Centigrade. The Fahrenheit degree is, 
therefore, only a little more than half as 
large, to be exact five-ninths of a degree, as 
a degree on the Centigrade scale. The 
Centigrade scale is in common use in 
France and is used almost exclusively in 
all scientific work throughout the world. 

The Reaumur scale is not so common 
but is used in some parts of Europe. On 
this scale the zero is placed at the freezing 
point of water and the boiling point at 
80 degrees. The divisions are, therefore, 
larger than those of the Centigrade scale 
and more than twice as large as the Fah- 
renheit. The general use of these different 
scales has led to endless confusion and 
made the comparison of records difficult, 
so that even at the present time when 
making a temperature record it is neces- 
sary to indicate the scale in use. 



CLIMATE AND WEATHER 



791 



DISTRIBUTION OF THE TEMPERATURE 
AND PRESSURE 

The heat received on the earth from 
the sun is the controlling factor in all 
weather conditions. If the earth were com- 
posed of all land or all water, and the 
amount of heat received were everywhere 
the same throughout the year, there would 
be no winds, no storms, and probably no 
clouds and no rain, because the force of 
gravity, which acts on everything on the 
earth's surface and on the air as well, 
would soon settle all differences and the 
atmosphere would become perfectly still. 
But the earth is composed of land and 
water, and the land heats up more rapidly 
under sunshine than the water and also 
gives off " radiates " its heat more 
rapidly than water. As a result, the air over 
the land is warmer in summer than the 
air over the water. During the winter this 
is reversed, and the air over the oceans is 
warmer than the air over the land. The 



great ocean currents, by carrying the heat 
from the equatorial regions toward the 
poles, and by bringing the cold from the 
polar regions toward the equator, assist 
in maintaining a constant difference in 
temperature between the continents and 
the adjacent oceans. 

Furthermore, the facts that the path of 
the earth about the sun is not a circle but 
an ellipse, and that the axis of the earth 
is not perpendicular to the plane of its 
orbit, result in an unequal distribution of 
heat over the surface. It is always warmer 
near the equator than at the poles, and 
warmer in summer than in winter. All 
these differences in temperature cause cor- 
responding differences in density, which, 
in turn, cause differences in weight or 
pressure over various parts of the earth's 
surface. These changes are in no way the 
result of chance but are determined by 
the operation of fixed natural laws, and 
with this in mind we may now take up 
the study of the winds of the world. 



THE WINDS OF THE WORLD 



The general circulation of the atmos- 
phere may be best studied by disregard- 
ing those smaller differences of tempera- 
ture and pressure that result from local 
causes and by viewing the earth and its 
atmosphere as a whole, considering only 
those larger differences which are in con- 
stant operation. In the great oceans of 
the world we find the water constantly 
moving in a very systematic manner, and 
we call this system of movements ocean 
currents. The Gulf Stream, the Equato- 
rial Current, the Japan Current, some- 
times called Kuro Siwo Current, and 
others may be likened to great rivers of 
water moving systematically on their 
courses in the ocean. 

There are greater rivers of air in the 
atmosphere than any in the oceans, and 
they move on their courses with equally 
systematic precision and in obedience to 
fixed laws, which we may in a measure 
understand. 

The air river at the bottom of which we 



live is broad and deep, extending in width 
from Florida northward nearly to the 
North Pole. It flows from west to east cir- 
cling the globe and its name is the Pre- 
vailing Westerlies. The other air river in 
this hemisphere extends southward from 
latitude about 35 nearly to the equator. 
Its name is the Northeast Trade Winds. 
In the southern hemisphere are two 
similar air rivers, one extending southward 
from latitude about 30 nearly to the 
South Pole with its current, like its coun- 
terpart in the northern hemisphere, flow- 
ing from west to east, circling the globe. 
It is also called the Prevailing Westerlies. 
The other air river in the southern hemi- 
sphere extends from about latitude 30 
northward nearly to the equator and flows 
from the southeast toward the northwest, 
hence the name Southeast Trade Winds. 
The dividing line, or bank, between the 
air rivers in each hemisphere belts the 
earth at about 35 north and 30 south 
of the equator. Why does the air move. 



EARTH AND SKY 




Ellsworth Huntington and Suinner W. Gushing, Principles of Human Geography, 

John Wiley and Sons, Inc. 

Ocean currents 



and why does it move in such a regular, 
systematic manner? To answer these ques- 
tions we will rely upon gravity, the heat 
from the sun, and the effect of the rota- 
tion of the earth on moving wind currents. 
Everyone knows that water flows down 
hill because of the force of gravity. Grav- 




J. Jtussell Smith, Human Geography, 
The John C. Winston Co. 

The earth's prevailing winds and air circu- 
lation 



ity is nature's great peacemaker. It is al- 
ways trying to settle disturbances, even 
things up, smooth them over. If there 
were no winds to bring rain to the land 
or to stir up the ocean, gravity would 
soon run all the water into the lakes and 
the seas, and then smooth them out like 
sheets of glass; and if there were nothing 
to stir up the winds, gravity would soon 
settle all differences in the atmosphere 
and the air would become perfectly quiet. 
So gravity is kept busy trying to smooth 
out the water which the wind stirs up, at 
the same time trying to quiet the winds 
which are stirred up by the heat of the 
sun. 

Tyndall says that heat is a mode of 
motion; that when heat is imparted to 
a substance, the molecules of which it is 
composed are set into very rapid vibra- 
tion. They are continually trying to get 
away from each other and usually succeed 
in getting more space, and thus increase 
the size or volume of the substance, or, 
in other words, expand it. Iron, brass, cop- 
per, water, and many other substances ex- 
pand under heat. Air is a gas and expands 



CLIMATE AND WEATHER 



793 



very rapidly when heated. One cubic foot 
of cold air becomes two cubic feet when 
heated. Now gravity pulls things down 
toward the center of the earth in accord- 
ance with their weight-density, and a cubic 
foot of cold air, being more dense and 
thus heavier than an equal volume of 
warm air, is pulled down with greater 
force. We therefore say that warm air 
is lighter than cold air, and if lighter it 
will rise. What it actually does is to press 
equally in all directions, and when a place 
is found where there is less resistance than 
elsewhere it moves in that direction. So 
when heat causes air to expand and be- 
come lighter than the surrounding cool 
air, it moves, and air in motion is wind. 
Figure No. i represents a section of 
the atmosphere over a broad, level plain 
with the air at rest and pressing down 
equally on every part of the surface. The 
dotted line H represents the top of the 
quiet atmosphere. Such a condition oc- 
curs frequently at night after the heat 




Ellsworth Huntington and Sumner W. Gushing, Princi- 
ples of Human Geography, John Wiley and Sons, Inc. 

Pressure belts on a simplified globe 

from the sun is withdrawn and gravity 
has settled the atmosphere. When the 
rays of the sun fall on the earth upon 
which this quiet air rests they warm the 
earth first, and then the layer of air im- 
mediately in contact with the surface, so 
the atmosphere is heated from the bottom 
upward. We will assume that the layer 



of air between the earth and the dotted 
line G is thus heated to a higher tempera- 
ture than the air above it. It will, there- 
fore, expand. It cannot expand downward 
because of the earth. It cannot expand 




Fig. 1. Diagram showing air currents set up 
by sun's heat 

much laterally because it is pressed upon 
by air that is also seeking more space. It 
therefore expands upward as represented 
by the line ABC. Now in expanding up- 
ward it lifts all the air above it, and the 
line H, representing the top of the at- 
mosphere, will become bowed upward also 
as indicated by the line A' B' C'. As a 
result, the air at the top of the atmosphere 
over the warm center slides down the 
slopes on either side toward the cool mar- 
gins. As soon as the flow of air away from 
the warm center begins, just that instant 
the pressure upon the heated layer at the 
surface is relieved and the warm air is 
pushed upward and the whole circula- 
tion, as indicated by the arrows, begins. 
It must be remembered that gravity is 
the really active force in maintaining this 
movement, because it pulls down the 
denser, heavier air at the cool margins 
with greater force than the warm, ex- 
panded, light air at the warm center. The 
descent of the cool air actually lifts the 
warm air. 

The normal pressure, or weight, of the 
atmosphere at sea level is about 14.7 
pounds on each square inch of surface. 
It is customary, however, to express the 
weight of the atmosphere in terms of 
inches of mercury instead of in pounds and 
ounces. A column of air one inch square 
from sea level to the top of the atmos- 
phere will just counterbalance a column 
of mercury 30.00 inches high in a barom- 
eter tube of the same size. (See this type 
of barometer in the sketch shown on p. 
787.) We, therefore, say that the normal 
pressure of the atmosphere at sea level 



794 



EARTH AND SKY 



is about 30.00 inches. If 7 for any rea- 
son, the atmosphere becomes heavier 
than normal, it will raise the column 
of mercury above the 30-inch mark, and 
we say that the pressure is " high/' If the 
atmosphere becomes lighter than normal, 
we say that the pressure is "low." So 
high pressure means a heavy atmosphere 
and low pressure a light atmosphere. 

At the beginning we assumed that the 
atmosphere over the broad, level plain 



words, low. Likewise, the air as it moved 
away from the warm center, having lost 
much of its heat during its ascent, was 
gradually pulled down by gravity because 
of its greater density, thus increasing the 
pressure over the cool margins. We there- 
fore have low pressure at the warm center, 
29.90 inches; and we have high pressure, 
30.10 inches, at the cool margins. From 
this illustration we obtain the six princi- 
ples of convectional circulation, viz.: 




Fig. 2. Isobars of the world 



was quiet and that it pressed down equally 
on every part of the surface. We will now 
assume that the pressure was normal, or 
30.00 inches, and note the changes in 
pressure that result from the interchange 
of air between the warm center and the 
cool margins. So long as none of the air 
raised by the expanding layer at the sur- 
face moved away toward the cool margins, 
no change in pressure occurred; but the 
instant the air began to glide down the 
slopes away from the warm center, then 
the pressure at the surface decreased, be- 
cause, some air having moved away, there 
was less to press down than before. The 
pressure at the warm center, therefore, 
became less than 30.00 inches, or in other 



1. Low pressure at warm center. 

2. High pressure at cool margins. 

3. Ascending currents at warm center. 

4. Descending currents at cool margins. 

5. Surface winds from high pressure to 
low pressure. 

6. Upper currents from low pressure to 
high pressure. 

Now we all know that the temperature 
of air is much higher at the equator than 
at the poles, and we may, therefore, let 
Fig. i represent a section of the atmos- 
phere along any meridian from the North 
to the South Pole. The equator would 
then become the warm center and the 
poles the cool margins, We would then ex- 



CLIMATE AND WEATHER 



795 



pect to find a belt of low pressure around 
the world near the equator because of the 
high temperature, and high pressure at 
the poles because of the low temperature. 
We would, also, expect to find ascending 
currents at the equator; upper currents 
flowing from the equator toward the poles; 
descending currents at the poles; and sur- 
face winds blowing from the poles toward 
the equator. Let us now test our theory 
by actual facts and see how far they are 
in accord. 

The chart, Fig. 2, represents the normal, 
or average, pressure at sea level for the 
world, and if our theory is in accord with 
the facts, we should find a belt of low 
pressure all around the world near the 



S 



i 1 1 



Hifh 



Equator 



Fig. 3. Diagram showing air currents along 
any meridian 

equator, with areas of high pressure at 
the poles. Let us examine the chart. Be- 
ginning at the equator, and bearing in 
mind that the normal pressure is about 
30.00 inches, we find irregular lines, rep- 
resenting pressures of 29.90 inches 
slightly below normal around the world 
on both sides of the equator. Between 
these lines we find pressure as low as 29.80. 
It is, therefore, evident that there is a 
belt of low pressure around the world near 
the equator, as anticipated. Let us look 
for the high pressure at the poles. We 
have comparatively few observations near 
the poles, but the line nearest the South 
Pole is marked 29.30 inches, a surprisingly 
low pressure, much lower even than the 
low belt at the equator, and just the re- 
verse of what we expected to find. When 
we look at the North Pole we find that 
the pressure is not so low as at the 
South Pole, but still below normal and 
about as low as at the equator. Going 
north and south from the equator we 
find that the pressure increases gradu- 
ally up to about latitude 35 in the north- 
ern hemisphere and to about latitude 30 
in the southern, after which it decreases. 



toward the poles. So there are two well- 
marked belts of high pressure circling the 
globe; the one about 35 north, and the 
other about 30 south of the equator. 
May it not be significant that these belts 
of high pressure coincide so nearly with 
the margins, or banks, of the air rivers 
mentioned on page 791? 

Thus far our theory does not accord 
very well with the facts. True, we found 
the low pressure at the equator as antici- 
pated; but we also found low pressure at 
the poles, where the reverse was expected; 
and the high pressure that we anticipated 
at the poles, we found not far north and 
south of the equator. We will, therefore, 
have to discard our theory, or reconstruct 
it to accord with the facts. Let us recon- 
struct Fig. i, and mark the pressure on 
the line representing the earth's surface 
along any meridian to accord with the 
facts as they appear on Fig. 2. 

The diagram shown above now repre- 
sents the true pressure along any meridian, 
as determined by actual observations, and 
we cannot escape the conviction that the 
requirements as to temperature and pres- 
sure at the warm center are fulfilled by 
the high temperature and low pressure 
found at the equator. Furthermore, the 
temperature decreases north and south 
from the equator, and thus the belts of 
high pressure near the tropics may be 
taken to represent the conditions at the 
cool margins. The first and second princi- 
ples of a convectional circulation, viz., low 
pressure at the warm center and a high 
pressure at the cool margins, are thus ful- 
filled. To satisfy the remaining conditions, 
we should find ascending currents near 
the equator, upper currents flowing from 
the equator toward the tropical belts of 
high pressure, descending currents at the 
tropics, and surface winds blowing from 
the tropics toward the equator. Let us 
now examine the surface winds of the 
world as illustrated by the diagram on 
page 792. 

On either side of the equator and blow- 
ing toward it, we find the famous trade 
winds the most constant and steady 
winds of the world. Their northern and 



79 6 



EARTH AND SKY 




Weather Bureau, U. S. D. A. 

Cup anemometer. The dial cover is removed 
to show the mechanism 

southern margins coincide with the tropi- 
cal belts of high pressure. They blow from 
high pressure to low pressure and we can- 
not doubt that they act in obedience to 
the fifth principle of convectional circula- 
tion. From observation of the lofty cirrus 
clouds in the trade wind belts, we have 
abundant evidence of upper currents, flow- 
ing away from the equator toward the 
tropical belts of high pressure; thus the 
sixth principle is satisfied. The torrential 
rains and violent thunderstorms, charac- 
teristic of the equatorial regions, bear evi- 
dence to the rapid cooling of the ascend- 
ing currents near the equator; while the 
clear, cool weather and light winds of the 
Horse Latitudes clearly indicate the pres- 
ence of descending currents at the tropics. 
Thus, the six principles of a convectional 
circulation are satisfied, and the evidence 
is conclusive that the trade winds form a 
part of a convectional circulation between 
the tropical belts of high pressure and the 
equatorial belt of low pressure. 

You have doubtless observed that the 
trade winds do not blow directly toward 
the equator but are turned to the west so 
that they blow from the northeast in the 
Northern Hemisphere, and from the 
southeast in the Southern. This peculiar- 
ity is not in strict accord with our ideas of 
a simple convectional circulation and sug- 



gests at least the presence of some outside 
influence. If we turn to Ferre's treatise on 
the winds, we find a demonstration of the 
following principle: a free moving body, 
such as air, in moving over the surface of 
a rotating globe, such as the earth, de- 
scribes a path on the surface that turns 
to the right of the direction of motion in 
the Northern Hemisphere and to the left 
in the Southern. The curvature of the path 
increases with the latitude, being zero at 
the equator and greatest at the poles, and 
is independent of direction. With this in 
mind, if we take position at the northern 
limit of the trade winds in the Northern 
Hemisphere and face the equator (see p. 
792) we find that the winds moving to- 
ward the equator turn to our right; like- 
wise, if we face the equator from the south- 
ern limit of the southeast trades, we find 
them turning to our left. Observations of 
upper clouds in the trade wind belts show 
that the upper currents also turn to the 
right in the Northern Hemisphere, and to 
the left in the Southern. It is, therefore, 
clear that the systematic turning of the 
trade winds from the meridian is due to 
the rotation of the earth. The value of a 
force at various latitudes and for various 
velocities that would cause a body to turn 
away from a straight line is purely a prob- 
lem in mathematics, and for the benefit of 
those versed in the science the formula is 
given. The amount of such a force is ex- 
pressed by 2 MVW sin D, where M is the 
mass, V the velocity, W the angular rota- 
tion of the earth, and D the latitude. 

Not all of us may be able to solve the 
problem, but we may understand some- 
thing of the effect of the rotation of the 
earth on moving wind currents. It is a well- 
known principle of physics that if a body 
be given a motion in any direction, it will 
continue to move in a straight line by 
reason of its inertia, without reference to 
north, south, east, or west. A personal ex- 
perience of this principle may be gained 
in a street car while it is rounding a curve. 

In the diagram shown on the next page 
we have a view of the Northern Hemi- 
sphere. The direction of the rotation is in- 
dicated by the curved arrows outside the 



CLIMATE AND WEATHER 



797 



circle representing the equator. Suppose 
that a wind starts from the equator, mov- 
ing along the meridian A directly toward 
the North Pole. It is clear that it cannot 
continue to move along the meridian, be- 
cause the direction of the meridian with 
reference to space is continually chang- 
ing, and the inertia of the wind compels it 
to move in a straight line without refer- 
ence to the points of the compass. So 
when the meridian A has been moved 
to B by the rotation of the earth, the wind, 
although it maintains its original direc- 
tion, no longer points toward the pole 
but to the right of the pole. Likewise, a 
wind starting from the pole toward the 
equator also turns to the right of the me- 
ridians and becomes a northeast wind as 
it approaches the equator. A wind moving 
east or west also turns to the right of the 
parallels for the same reason. So a wind 
starting out from the equator with the 
best possible intention of hitting the pole, 
and all the while continuing in the same 
straight line, will miss the pole by many 
miles, and always on the right side in 
the Northern and on the left side in the 
Southern Hemisphere. Thus, the oblique 
movement of both the trade winds and 
the prevailing westerlies is accounted for. 
It now remains to consider the cause 
of the unexpected low pressure found at 
the poles, and the reason for the belts of 




Diagram showing the effect of the earth's ro- 
tation on the atmosphere 

high pressure at the tropics. If we refer 
to Fig. 2, page 794, we see that not all air 
that ascends at the equator descends at 



the tropics, else there would be an ab- 
sence of air at the higher latitudes, which 
is manifestly not the case. On the other 




The circumpolar whirl 

hand, it is equally impossible that all the 
air ascending at the equator should move 
to the poles, because the space it could 
occupy decreases rapidly from a maximum 
at the equator to zero at the poles. Only 
a part of the air that ascends at the equator 
is, therefore, involved in the trade wind 
circulation and a part passes over the trop- 
ics, and moves on toward the low pressure 
at the poles. Furthermore, some of the 
air that descends at the tropics moves 
along the surface toward the poles, obey- 
ing the law that impels air to move from 
high pressure to low pressure. Now every 
particle of air that passes over the tropics, 
every particle that moves northward along 
the surface, turns to the right in the North- 
ern and to the left in the Southern Hemi- 
sphere. All, therefore, miss the poles on 
the right side in the Northern and on the 
left side in the Southern Hemisphere. The 
result is that two great whirlpools develop 
in the atmosphere; one whirling about the 
North and the other whirling about the 
South Pole. The outer margins of these 
whirlpools coincide with the tropical belts 
of high pressure. 

As an example of a whirlpool we may 
take a basin having a vent at the center 
of the bottom. If the basin is filled with 



79 8 

water, the plug withdrawn, and the water 
given a slight rotary motion, its velocity 
will increase as it approaches the center 
and the rapid whirling will develop suffi- 
cient centrifugal force to open an empty 
core. Those who have visited the great 
whirlpool at Niagara have undoubtedly 
noticed that the whirling waters are held 
away from the center and piled up around 
the margins by the centrifugal force devel- 
oped. Let us suppose that air starting 
from the equator moves without friction 
or other resistances toward the pole. Its 
velocity must increase as its radius short- 
ens, because the law of the conservation 
of areas requires that the radius must al- 
ways sweep over equal areas in a given unit 
of time. (See law of conservation of areas.) 
At the equator, the air has an easterly 
motion equal to the eastward motion of 
the earth, which is 1,000 miles per hour. 
At latitude 60 the radius will have de- 
creased one-half and the velocity, there- 
fore, doubled; but at latitude 60 the east- 
ward motion of the earth is only 500 miles 
per hour, so the air would be moving 1,500 
miles per hour faster than the earth. At 
a distance of 40 miles from the pole the 
wind would attain an easterly velocity of 
100,000 miles per hour, and moving on 
so short a radius would develop sufficient 
centrifugal force to hold all the air away 
from the pole and thus form a vacuum. 
That the supposed case of no friction is 
far from the truth is evidenced by the fact 
that the pressure at the North Pole is but 
little less than at the equator; but the 
centrifugal force developed by the gyra- 
tion winds, in thus withdrawing the air 



EARTH AND SKY 



from the poles and piling it up at the 
tropics, may be fairly taken as sufficient 
cause for the low pressure found at the 
poles and the belts of high pressure at the 
tropics. 

The questions that remain to be con- 
sidered are: (i) the low pressure at the 
South Pole as compared with the pressure 
at the North Pole, and (2) the unequal 
distance of the tropical belts of high pres- 
sure from the equator. These questions 
may be considered together. 

It is to be remembered that the South- 
ern Hemisphere is the water hemisphere, 
and that the prevailing westerlies, in glid- 
ing over the smooth water surface, are but 
little retarded by friction and, therefore, 
attain a higher velocity than the corre- 
sponding winds of the Northern Hemi- 
sphere, where the rougher surface ma- 
terially retards their movement. As a 
consequence, the circumpolar whirl of the 
Southern Hemisphere is stronger, and de- 
velops a greater centrifugal force, thus 
holding a larger quantity of air away from 
the South Pole and reducing the pressure 
to a greater degree than is brought about 
by the weaker winds of the Northern 
Hemisphere. 

Since the circumpolar whirl of the 
Southern Hemisphere is the stronger of 
the two, it withdraws the air to a greater 
distance from the pole than does its 
weaker counterpart of the Northern 
Hemisphere, and piles it up in the tropi- 
cal belt of high pressure about five degrees 
nearer the equator than do the weaker 
forces that operate in the Northern Hemi- 
sphere. 



STORMS 



Having gained a comprehensive view 
of the general planetary wind system, we 
may now undertake the study of local dis- 
turbances that arise within the general 
circulation and are known as " storms/' 

Storms are simply eddies in the atmos- 
phere. They may be compared to the ed- 
dies that are often seen floating along with 



the current of a river or creek. In these 
eddies the water is seen to move rapidly 
around a central vertex, developing suffi- 
cient centrifugal force to hold some of 
the water away from the center, thus 
forming a well-marked depression, fre- 
quently of considerable depth. The whole 
circulation of the eddy is quite independ- 



CLIMATE AND WEATHER 



799 



ent of the current of the stream which 
carries it along its course, and while its 
general direction and velocity of move- 
ment coincide with that of the current, 
there are times when it will be seen to 
move quickly from side to side and again 
when it will remain nearly stationary for 
a time or take on a rapid movement. 

The eddies or storms in the atmos- 
phere act in much the same way. They 
are carried along by the general currents 
of the river of air in which they exist. 
Their general direction coincides with the 
direction of the current in which they are 
floating, and their rate of movement con- 
forms in a general way to its velocity; but, 
like the eddies in the river, they do not 
always move in straight lines or at a 
uniform rate of speed. 

There is one important respect in which 
the eddies in the air differ from eddies in 
water. The water may revolve in either 



direction, depending upon the direction 
in which the initial force was applied, but 
the storm eddies in the atmosphere al- 




Photomicrograph "by W. A. Bentley 

Snow crystal 

ways revolve counterclockwise in the 
Northern Hemisphere, and clockwise in 
the Southern. 

This is due to the deflecting force of the 
earth's rotation, winch is fully explained 
on pages 796-98. 



WEATHER MAPS 



A weather map is a sort of flashlight 
photograph of a section of the bottom of 
one or more of these great rivers of air. 
It brings into view the whole rneteorologi- 




Photomicrograph by 
W. A. Bentley 

Snow crystal 

cal situation over a large territory at a 
given instant of time; and, while a single 
map conveys no indication of the move- 
ments continually taking place in the at- 
mosphere, a series of maps, like a moving 
picture, shows not only the whirling ed- 
dies, the hurrying clouds, and the fast- 
moving winds, but the ceaseless on-flow 
of the great river of air in which they 
float. Our present knowledge of the move- 



ments of the atmosphere has been gained 
chiefly from a study of weather maps; 
they form the basis of the modern system 
of weather forecasting, and their careful 
study is essential to any adequate under- 
standing of the problems presented by 
the atmosphere. (See pp. 801-6.) 

THE PRINCIPLES OF WEATHER 
FORECASTING 

The forecasting of the weather has been 
made possible by the electric telegraph. 
It is based upon a perfectly simple, rational 




Photomicrograph by W. A. Bentley 

Snow crystal 



8oo 



EARTH AND SKY 



process constantly employed in everyday 
affairs. We go to a railway station and ask 
the operator about a certain train. He tells 
us that it will arrive in an hour. We ac- 
cept his statement without question, be- 
cause we are confident that he knows the 
speed at which the train is approaching; 
a few clicks of his telegraph instrument 
have told him just where it is, and the 
time it will arrive, barring accidents, is 




Photomicrograph by 
W. A. Bentley 

Snow crystal 

a simple calculation. Information of com- 
ing weather changes is obtained in a 
similar manner. Although storms do not 
run on steel rails like a train, nevertheless 
their movements may be foreseen with a 
reasonable degree of accuracy, depending 
chiefly upon the size of the territory from 
which telegraphic reports are received and 
the experience and skill of the forecaster. 
As a rule, the larger the territory brought 
under observation, especially in its longi- 
tudinal extent (the general currents carry 
storms of the middle latitudes eastward 
around the world and those of the tropics 
westward), the earlier advancing changes 
may be recognized and the more accu- 
rately their movements foreseen. 

FORECASTS BASED ON WEATHER MAPS 

The forecasts issued by the United 
States Weather Bureau are based on 
weather maps, prepared from observations 
taken at 7:30 A.M. and 7:30 P.M. Eastern 
Standard Time, throughout the country, 
at about 200 observatories. In addition to 
the reports received by telegraph by the 
Central Office at Washington, the several 
forecast centers, and other designated sta- 
tions from observatories or stations in the 
United States, a system of interchange 



with Canada, Mexico, the West Indies, 
and other island outposts in the Atlantic 
and Pacific give to the forecaster two 
daily photographs of the weather condi- 
tions over a territory embracing nearly the 
whole of the inhabited part of the West- 
ern Hemisphere north of the equator. Any 
sort of disturbance within this vast region 
is photographed at once upon the weather 
map. If it be a West Indies hurricane or 
other destructive storm, its character is 
recognized instantly, its rate and direction 
determined, and information of the prob- 
able time of its arrival sent to those places 
that lie in its path. The method is per- 
fectly simple. Anyone with a weather map 
and a little experience can forecast the 
weather with some degree of accuracy, or, 
at least, gain an intelligent understanding 
of the conditions upon which the fore- 
casts that accompany the map are based. 

MAPS, WHERE PUBLISHED AND How OB- 
TAINED 

Weather maps are published in some 
daily papers, and in somewhat larger form, 
and more in detail, at Weather Bureau 
stations in some of the largest cities. They 
may usually be obtained for school use by 
applying to the Chief of the Weather Bu- 
reau at Washington, D. C. 

The forecasts that accompany the maps 
are simply an expression on the part of 
the official forecaster as to the weather 
changes he expects to occur in various 
parts of the country within the time speci- 
fied, usually within 36 to 48 hours. His 
opinion is based upon the conditions 
shown by the map. He has no secret 
source of information. You may accept his 
conclusions, or, if in your opinion they 
are not justified, you have all the informa- 
tion necessary to make a forecast for your- 
self. Weather maps are published so ex- 
tensively with a view to thus stimulating 
an intelligent interest in the problem of 
weather forecasting, and also that one may 
see at a glance what the temperature, rain- 
fall, wind, and weather are in any part of 
the country in which he may be interested. 
The friends of the weather service are 
those who best understand its work. 



CLIMATE AND WEATHER 



801 



THE VALUE OF THE WEATHER SERVICE 

No one knows so well as the forecaster 
that the changes that appear most certain 
to come sometimes fail, or come too late; 
but taking all in all, about 85 out of 100 
forecasts are correct. Of those that fail, 
probably not more than three or four per 
cent fail because severe changes come un- 
announced. Most forecasters predict too 
much, and their forecasts fail because the 
expected changes come after the time 
specified or not at all. It is fortunate that 
this is so; for it is better to be prepared for 



the change though it be late in coming 
than to have it come without warning. 

The value of the weather service to the 
agriculture and commerce of the United 
States cannot be questioned seriously. 
That the appropriations for its support 
have been increased year by year from 
$1,500 in 1871 to nearly $4,400,000 in 
1929 is evidence of its value and efficiency. 
A conservative estimate places the value 
of property saved by the warnings issued 
by the Weather Bureau at many millions 
of dollars annually. 



HOW TO READ WEATHER MAPS 



Weather maps may be obtained by writ- 
ing to the Chief of the Weather Bureau, 
Washington, D. C., stating that you wish 
to post the maps in a public place. A sup- 
ply of maps for three successive days for 
use in these lessons may be obtained at 20 
cents per hundred. Sometimes they are 
sent free, if it is stated that they are to be 
used for school purposes. 

The words isobar and isotherm have 
been bogies which have frightened many 
a teacher from undertaking to teach about 
weather maps, and yet how simple are the 
meanings of these two words. Isobar is 
made up of two Greek words, isos mean- 
ing equal and baros meaning weight. 
Therefore, as isobar means equal weight, 
and on a map one of these continuous 
lines means that, wherever it passes, the 
atmosphere there has equal weight, and 
the barometer stands at equal height. 
The isobar of 30 means that the mercury 
in the barometer stands 30 inches in 
height in all the regions where that line 
passes. 

Isotherm comes from two Greek words, 
isos meaning equal and therme meaning 
heat. Therefore, on the map the dotted 
lines show the region where the tempera- 
ture is the same. If at the end of the 
dotted line you find 60 it means that, 
wherever that line passes, the thermome- 
ter stands at 60 degrees. 



HIGHS AND Lows 

Many of the " highs " and " lows " enter 
the United States from the Pacific Ocean 
about the latitude of Washington State or 
southwest British Columbia; however, by 
far the greater number enter from the 




j. 



Map of a storm 

Canadian Northwest. They follow one an- 
other alternately, crossing the continent 
in the general direction of west to east in 
a path which curves somewhat to the 
north, and they leave the United States in 
the latitude of Maine or New Brunswick. 
If they enter by way of Lower California, 
they pass over to the Atlantic Ocean far- 
ther south. The time for the passage of a 
high or low across the continent averages 
about three and one-half days, sometimes 
a little more. These areas are usually more 



802 



EARTH AND SKY 



SUNDAY, DECEKIBE 




V. S. weather maps, showing the eastward progress of an area of low pressure for four 

indicated by the line of dots 



CLIMATE AND WEATHER 



803 




consecutive days. Note the course of the low that was on the Pacific coast Dec. 24; this is 
and dashes on the later maps 



804 



EARTH AND SKY 



marked in winter, and wind storms are 
more marked and more regular. 

A low area is called a cyclone and a 
high area an anticyclone. The destructive 
winds, popularly called cyclones, which 
occur in certain regions, should be called 
tornadoes instead, although in fact they 
are simply small and violent cyclones. But 
a cyclone, when used in a meteorological 
sense, extends over thousands of square 
miles and is not violent; while a tornado 
may be only a few rods in diameter and 
may be very destructive. The little whirl- 





NE. winds SE. winds NW. winds 





SW. winds 



Hurricane 
warning 



Cold wave 



Explanation of storm and hurricane signals 

Storm warning A red flag with a black center indi- 
cates that a storm of marked violence is expected. 

The pennants displayed with the flags indicate the 
direction of the wind; red, easterly (from northeast to 
south); white, westerly (from southwest to north). The 
pennant above the flag indicates that the wind is ex- 
pected to blow from the northerly quadrants; below 
from the southerly quadrants. 

By night a red light indicates easterly winds and a 
white light below a red light westerly winds. 

Hurricane warning Two red flags with black centers 
displayed one above the other indicates the expected 
approach of a tropical hurricane or one of those ex- 
tremely severe and dangerous storms which occasionally 
move across the Lakes and northern Atlantic coast. 

No night hurricane warnings are displayed. 

winds which lift the dust in the roads 
are rotary winds also, but merely the ed- 
dies of a gentle wind. 

In a cyclone or " low," and also in a tor- 
nado, the air blows from all sides spirally 
inward toward the center where there is a 
column of ascending air. 

In an anticyclone or " high " the air 
blows outward in every direction in curved 
lines from a column of descending air. 

In the map (page 801 ) , the curved lines 
are isobars; the line of crosses, A to B, 



indicates the course of the storm; the ar- 
rows indicate the direction of the wind 
note that it is moving counterclockwise 
around the area of low pressure; the 
shaded area indicates the region where it is 
raining or snowing note that this is the 
area where the warm, moist air from the 
Gulf and the ocean meets the colder air 
of the north. 

The weather conditions during the pas- 
sage of a cyclone are briefly as follows: 
Small, changing wisps of cirrus clouds ap- 
pear about twenty-four hours before rain; 
these gradually become larger and cover 
the whole sky, making a nimbus cloud. 
The wind changes from northeast to east 
or southeast to south. The barometer falls, 
the thermometer rises; that is, air pressure 
is less to the square inch, and the tempera- 
ture of the atmosphere is warmer. An ac- 
curate record of the temperature range 
can be had from the maximum and mini- 
mum thermometers (page 789). Rain 
begins and falls for a time, varying from an 
hour to a day or more. After the rain there 
appear breaks in the great nimbus clouds 
and finally the blue sky conquers until 
there are only a few or no clouds. The 
wind changes to southwest and west; the 
barometer rises, the temperature falls. 
The rain ceases, the sun shines out 
brightly. The low has passed and the high 
is approaching, to last about three days. 

Formerly, the Weather Bureau used a 
series of flags, displayed in public places, 
to indicate approaching weather condi- 
tions; but that practice in general has been 
discontinued. Some local authorities still 
maintain the system at their own expense. 
The storm and hurricane warnings and 
the cold wave signal are still in use. 

LESSON 222 
How TO READ WEATHER MAPS 

LEADING THOUGHT Weather maps are 
made with great care by the Weather Bu- 
reau experts. Each map is the result of 
many telegraphic communications from 
all parts of the country. Every intelligent 
person should be able to understand the 
weather maps. 



CLIMATE AND WEATHER 



805 



METHOD Get several weather maps 
from a nearby Weather Bureau station. 
They should be maps for successive days, 
and there should be enough so that each 
pupil can have three maps, showing the 
weather conditions for three successive 
days. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Take the map of 
the earliest date of the three. Where was 
your map used? What is its date? How 
many kinds of lines are there on your map? 
Are there explanatory notes on the lower 
left-hand corner of your map? Explain 
what the continuous lines mean. Find an 
isobar of 30; to what does this figure refer? 
Find all the towns on your map where the 
barometer stands at 30 inches. Is there 
more than one isobar on your map where 
the barometer stands at 30? 

2. Where is the greatest air pressure on 
your map? How high does the barometer 
stand there? How are the isobars arranged 
with reference to this region? What word 
is printed in the center of this series of 
isobars? 

3. What do the arrows indicate? What 
do the circles attached to the arrows indi- 
cate? 

4. In general, what is the direction of 
the winds with reference to this high cen- 
ter? 

5. Is the air rising or sinking at the cen- 
ter of this area? If the wind is blowing in 
all directions from a center marked high ? 
what sort of weather must the places just 
east of the high be having? Do the arrows 
with their circles indicate this? 

6. Find a center marked low. How high 
does the barometer stand there? Does the 
air pressure increase or diminish away 
from the center marked low, as indicated 
by the isobars? Do the winds blow toward 
this center or away from it? 

7. What must the weather in the region 
just east of the low be? Why? Do the ar- 
rows and circles indicate this? 

8. Is there a shaded area on your map? 
If so, what does this show? 

9. Compare the map of the next date 
with the one you have just studied. Are 
the highs and lows in just the same posi- 
tion that they were the day before? Where 




Weather Bureau, U. S. D. A. 

A rain gauge dismantled to show parts. By 
means of this instrument the amount of rain- 
fall is measured by inches 

are the centers high and low now? In what 
directions have they moved? 

10. Look at the third map and compare 
the three maps. Where do the high and 
low centers seem to have originated? How 
long does it take a high or low to cross the 
United States? How far north and south 
does a high or low, with all its isobars, ex- 
tend? 

11. What do the dotted lines on your 
map mean? Do they follow exactly the 
isobars? 

12. What is the greatest isotherm on 
your map? Through or near what towns 
does it pass? 

13. Do the regions of high air pressure 
have the highest temperature or the low- 
est? Do high temperatures accompany low 
pressures? Why? 

14. What is the condition of the sky 
just east of a low center? What is its con- 
dition just west of low? 

15. If the isobars are near together in a 
low, it means that the wind is moving 
rather fast and that there will be a well- 
marked storm. Look at the column giving 
wind velocity. Was the wind blowing to- 
ward the center of the low on the map? 
If so, does that mean it is coming fast or 
slow? How does this fact correspond with 
the indications shown by the distance be- 
tween the isobars? 

16. Describe the weather accompany- 
ing the approach and passage of a low in 



8o6 



EARTH AND SKY 



the region where your town is situated. 
What sort of clouds would you have, 
what winds, what change of the barome- 
ter and thermometer? 

Note: The amount of rainfall that has 
been recorded in representative areas will 
be indicated in a table printed below the 
map. 

How TO FIND THE GENERAL DIRECTION 

AND AVERAGE RATE OF MOTION OF HIGHS 

AND Lows 

OBSERVATIONS i. On the first map 
of the series of three given, put an X in 
red pencil or crayon at the center of the 
high and a blue one at the center of the 
low; or if you do not have the colored 
pencils, use some other distinguishing 
marks for the two. If there are two highs 
and two lows, use a different mark for 
each one. 

2. Mark the position of each center on 
this map for the following day with the 
same mark that you first used for that area. 
Do this for each of the highs and lows un- 
til it leaves the map or until your maps 
have been used. All the marks of one kind 
can be joined by a line, using a red line 
for the red marks and a blue line for the 
blue marks. 

3. What do you find to be the general 
direction of the movement of the highs 
and lows? 

4. Examine the scale marked statute 
miles at the bottom of the map. How 
many miles are represented by one inch 
on the scale? 

5. With your ruler find out how many 
miles one area of high or low has moved 
in twenty-four hours; in three days. Di- 
vide the distance which the area has 
moved in three days by three and this 
will give the average velocity for one 
day. 

6. In the same way find the average 
velocity of each of the areas on your map 
for three days and write down all your 
answers. From all your results find the 
average weekly velocity; that is, how many 
miles per hour and the general direction 
which has characterized the movement of 
the high and low areas. 



How TO KEEP A DAILY WEATHER MAP 
The pupils should keep a daily weather 
map record for at least six months. The 
observations should be made twice each 
day and always at the same hours. While 
it would be better if these records could 
be made at 7:30 o'clock in the morning 
and again at 7:30 o'clock in the evening, 
this is hardly practicable and they should, 
therefore, be made at 9 o'clock and at 4. 
The accompanying chart may be drawn 
enlarged. Sheets of manila paper are often 
used, so that one chart may cover the ob- 
servations for a month. 

Few schools are able to have a working 
barometer, but observations of tempera- 
ture and sky should be made in every 
school. Almost any boy can make a 
weather vane, which should be placed on 
a high building or tree where the wind will 
not be deflected from its true direction 
when striking it. A thermometer should 
be placed on the north side of a post and 
on a level with the eyes; it should not be 
hung from a building, as the temperature 
of the building might affect it. 

The direction of the wind and the 
cloudiness of the day may be indicated on 
the chart, as it is on the weather maps, by 
a circle attached to an arrow which points 
in the direction in which the wind is 
blowing. See weather maps for explana- 
tion of symbols. 

OBSERVATIONS CONCERNING THE 
WEATHER 

It is an interesting hobby to really ob- 
serve the weather. Of course, we all talk 
about the weather if rain or snow is fall- 
ing; some people even remark about the 
wind. Let us make it a daily habit to give 
a thought to weather conditions: the wind 
directions; the presence or absence of dew 
during the hours of evening, night, or early 
morning; and the readings of the ba- 
rometer, thermometer, and the weather 
maps if any are available. 

There are many "weather signs" in 
common circulation; some have abso- 
lutely no foundation and others have sci- 
entific basis. The latter can usually be de- 
pended upon, and, in many instances, are 



CLIMATE AND WEATHER 



807 



quite interesting to study in an effort to 
find a reason why they are good signs. To 
make a collection of all the weather signs 
that one can learn from friends or find 
in various books is another interesting 
hobby; the next thing, for an inquiring 
mind, is to attempt to find out how many 
are merely sayings and how many are 
really good signs. Some of the books listed 
in the bibliography will be found quite 
useful in this field of inquiry. 

MANY WEATHER PROVERBS ARE BASED 
ON SCIENTIFIC FACTS 

There follows a short list of weather 
proverbs or sayings that are based on sci- 
entific facts: 



Evening red and morning gray, 
Set the traveler on his way; 
Evening gray and morning red, 
Bring down rain upon his head. 

Rainbow in the morning ? sailors take warn' 

ing&gt; 
Rainbow at night, sailor's delight. 

Mackerel scales and mare's tails 
Make lofty ships to carry low sails. 

A mackerel sky, 

Not twenty-four hours dry. 

When walls are unusually damp, rain is 
to be expected. 

Clouds flying against the wind indicate 
rain. 



CHART FOR SCHOOL WEATHER-RECORDS 



Date 


Hour 


Temp. 


Barom- 
eter 


Direc- 
tion of 
Wind 


Cloudi- 
ness. 
Fogs 


Dew or 
Frost 


Rain or 
Snow 


Remarks 
































































































































Weekly 
Sum- 
mary 



















WATER FORMS 




Water in its various changing forms, 
liquid, gas, and solid ? is an example of an- 
other overworked miracle so common 
that we fail to see the miraculous in it. 
We cultivate the imagination of our chil- 
dren by tales of the prince who became 
invisible when he put on his cap of dark- 
ness, and who made far journeys through 
the air on his magic carpet. And yet no 
cap of darkness ever wrought more aston- 
ishing disappearances than occur when 
this most common of our earth's elements 
disappears from under our very eyes, dis- 
solving into thin air. We cloak the miracle 
by saying " water evaporates/ 7 but think 
once of the travels of one of these drops 
of water in its invisible cap! It may be a 
drop caught and clogged in a towel hung 
on the line after washing, but as soon as 
it dons its magic cap, it flies off in the 
atmosphere invisible to our eyes; and the 



Gayle Pickwell 

next time any of its parts are evident to 
our senses, they may occur as a portion 
of the white masses of cloud sailing across 
the blue sky, the cloud which Shelley per- 
sonifies: 

I am the daughter of Earth and Water, 
And the nursling of the Sky; 

I pass through the pores of the ocean and 

shores; 
/ change, but I cannot die. 

We have, however, learned the mysteri- 
ous key word which brings back the vapor 
spirit to our sight and touch. This word 
is " cold." For if our drop of water, in its 
cap of darkness, meets in its travels an 
object which is cold, straightway the cap 
falls off and it becomes visible. If it be a 
stratum of cold air that meets the invisible 
wanderer, it becomes visible as a cloud, 



WATER FORMS 



809 



or as mist, or as rain. If the cold object be 
an ice pitcher, then it appears as drops 
on its surface, captured from the air and 
chained as " flowing tears " upon its cold 
surface. And again, if it be the cooling 
surface of the earth at night that captures 
the wanderer, it appears as dew. 

But the story of the water magic is only 
half told. The cold brings back the in- 
visible water vapor, forming it into visible 
drops; but if it is cold enough to freeze, 
then we behold another miracle, for the 
drops are changed to crystals. The cool 
windowpane at evening may be dimmed 
with mist caught from the air of the room; 
if we examine the mist with a lens we find 
it composed of tiny drops of water. But 




Weather Bureau, IT. S. D. A. 

"Hailstones as large as hens' eggs" is no 
figure of speech as applied to these stones that 
fell at Girard, III., in 1929. Note the three eggs 
in front of the right-hand pile of hailstones 

if the night be very cold, we find next 
morning upon the windowpane exquisite 
ferns, or stars, or trees, all formed of the 
crystals grown from the mist which was 
there the night before. Moreover, the 
drops of mist have been drawn together 
by crystal magic, leaving portions of the 
glass dry and clear. 

If we examine the grass during a cool 
evening of October we find it pearled with 
dew, wrung from the atmosphere by the 
permeating coolness of the surface of the 
ground. If the following night be freez- 
ing cold, the next morning we find the 
grass blades covered with the beautiful 
crystals of hoar frost. 

If a rain cloud encounters a stratum of 
air cold enough to freeze, then what would 
have been rain or mist comes down to us 
as sleet, hail, or snowflakes; and of all the 
forms of water crystals, that of snow in 
its perfection is the most beautiful; it is, 




Weather Bureau, U. S. D. A. 

After an ice storm. After this storm of Nov. 
26, 1929, at Worcester, Mass., the ice on the 
wires was three inches in diameter and 
weighed 800 pounds per wire from pole to 
pole 

indeed, the most beautiful of all crystals 
that we know. Why should water freezing 
freely in the air so demonstrate geometry 
by forming, as it does, a star with six rays, 
each set to another, at an angle of 60 de- 
grees? And as if to prove geometry divine 
beyond cavil, sometimes the rays are only 
three in number a factor of six and 
include angles of twice 60 degrees. More- 




Photomicrograph by W. A. Bentley 

Snow crystal formed in high clouds 

over, the rays are decorated, making thou- 
sands of intricate and beautiful forms; but 
if one ray of the six is ornamented with 
additional crystals the other five are deco- 
rated likewise. Those snow crystals formed 
in the higher clouds and, therefore, in 



8io 



EARTH AND SKY 



cooler regions may be more solid in form, 
the spaces in the angles being built out 
to the tips of the rays, and including air 
spaces set in symmetrical patterns; and 
some of the crystals may be columnar in 




Photomicrograph by W. A. Bentley 

Composite snow crystal,' the center formed 
in a high cloud and the margins in a lower 
cloud 

form ? the column being six-sided. Those 
snow crystals formed in the lower cur- 
rents of air, and therefore in warmer re- 
gions, on the other hand, show their six 
rays marvelously ornamented. The rea- 
son why the snow crystals are so much 
more beautiful and perfect than the crys- 
tals of hoar frost or ice, is that they are 
formed from water vapor, and grow freely 
in the regions of the upper air. Mr. W. A. 
Bentley, who spent many years photo- 
graphing the snow crystals, found nearly 
5,000 distinct designs. 

The high clouds are composed of ice 
crystals formed from the cloud mists; such 
ice clouds form a halo when veiling the 
sun or the moon. 

When the water changes to vapor and 
is absorbed into the atmosphere, we call 
the process evaporation. The water left 
in an open saucer will evaporate more 
rapidly than that in a covered saucer, be- 
cause it comes in contact with more air. 
The clothes which are hung on the line 
wet, dry more rapidly if the air is dry and 
not damp; for if the air is damp, it al- 
ready has almost as much water in it as 
it can hold. The clothes will dry more 
rapidly when the air is hot, because hot 
air takes up moisture more readily and 
holds more of it than does cold air. The 
clothes will dry more rapidly on a windy 
day, because more air moves over them 



and comes in contact with them than on 
a still day. 

If we observe a boiling teakettle, we 
can see a clear space of perhaps an inch 
or less in front of the spout. This space is 
filled with steam, which is hot air satu- 
rated with hot water vapor. But what we 
call " steam " from a kettle is this same 
water vapor condensed back into thin 
drops of water or mist by coming into 
contact with the cooler air of the room. 
When the atmosphere is dry, water will 
boil away much more rapidly than when 
the air is damp. 

The breath of a horse, or our own 
breath, is invisible during a warm day; but 
during a cold day, it is condensed to mist 
as soon as it is expelled from the nostrils 
and comes in contact with the cold air. 
A person who wears spectacles finds them 
unclouded during warm days; but in win- 
ter the glasses become cold out-of-doors, 
and as soon as they are brought into con- 
tact with the warmer, damp atmosphere 
of a room, they are covered with a mist. 
In a like manner, the windowpane in win- 
ter, cooled by the outside temperature, 
condenses on its inner surface the mist 
from the damp air of the room. 

The water vapor in the atmosphere is 
invisible, and it moves with the air cur- 
rents until it is wrung out by coming into 
contact with the cold. The air thus filled 




Photomicrograph by W. A. Bentley 

Blizzard type of snow crystal formed in low 
cloud 

with water vapor may be entirely clear 
near the surface of the earth; but, as it 
rises, it comes in contact with cooler air 



WATER FORMS 



811 



and discharges its vapor in the form of 
mist, which we call clouds; and if there 
is enough vapor in the air when it meets 
a cold current, it is discharged as rain and 
falls back to the earth. Thus, when it is 
very cloudy, we think it will rain, because 
clouds consist of mist or fog; and if they 
are subjected to a colder temperature, the 
mist is condensed to rain. Thus, often 
in mountainous regions, the fog may be 
seen streaming and boiling over a moun- 
tain peak, and yet always disappears at a 
certain distance below it. This is because 
the temperature around the peak is cold 
and condenses the water vapor as fast as 
the wind brings it along, but the mist 
passes over and soon meets a warm cur- 
rent below and, presto, it disappears! It 
is then taken back into the atmosphere. 
The level base of a cumulus cloud has a 
stratum of warmer air below it, and marks 
the level of condensation. 

At the end of the day, the surface of the 
ground cools more quickly than the air 
above it. If it becomes sufficiently cold 
and the air is damp, then the water from 
it is condensed, and dew is formed during 
the night. However, all dew is not always 
condensed from the atmosphere, since 
some of it is moisture given off by the 
plants, which could not evaporate in the 




Weather Bureau, U. S. D. A. 

Cumulus clouds 

cold night air. On windy nights, the stra- 
tum of air cooled by the surface of the 
earth is moved along and more air takes 




W. A. Bentley 

Dew on a spider's web 

its place, and it therefore does not be- 
come cold enough to be obliged to yield 
up its water vapor as dew. If the weather 
during a dewy night becomes very cold, 
the dew becomes crystallized into hoar 
frost. The crystals of hoar frost are often 
very beautiful and are well worth our 
study. 

The ice on the surface of a still pond 
usually begins to form around the edges 
first, and fine, lancelike needles of ice are 
sent out across the surface. It is a very 
interesting experience to watch the ice 
crystals form on a shallow pond of water. 
This may easily be seen during cold winter 
weather. It is equally interesting to watch 
the formation of the ice crystals in a 
glass bottle or jar. Water, in crystallizing, 
expands, and requires more room than it 
does as a fluid; therefore, as the water 
changes to ice it must have more room, 
and often presses so hard against the sides 
of the bottle as to break it. The ice in the 
surface soil of the wheat fields expands 
and buckles, holding fast in its grip the 
leaves of the young wheat and tearing 
them loose from their roots; this " heav- 
ing' 7 is one cause for the winter-killing 
of wheat. Sleet consists of rain crystallized 
in the form of sharp needles. Hail con- 
sists of ice and snow compacted together, 
making the hard, more or less globular 
hailstones. 

SUGGESTED READING Fogs and Clouds, 
by William J. Humphreys; The Wonders 
of Water, by Marian E. Baer; also, read- 
ings on page 781. 



8l2 



EARTH AND SKY 




W. A. Bentley 

In transpiring, plants give off moisture. 
" The magic of the cold " has held Ms mois- 
ture in the form of drops on a strawberry leaf 

LESSON 223 
WATER FORMS 

LEADING THOUGHT Water occurs as 
an invisible vapor in the air and also as 
mist and rain; and when subjected to 
freezing, it crystallizes into ice and frost 
and snow. 

METHOD The answers to the ques- 
tions of this lesson should, as far as pos- 
sible, be given in the form of a demonstra- 
tion. All of the experiments suggested 
should be tried, and the pupils should 
think the matter out for themselves. In 
the study of the snow crystals a compound 
microscope is a great help, but a hand 
lens will do. This part of the work must 
be done out of doors. The most advanta- 
geous time for studying the perfect snow 
crystals is when the snow is falling in 
small, hard flakes; since, when the snow 
is soft, there are many crystals massed to- 
gether into great fleecy flakes, and they 
have lost their original form. The lessons 
on frost or dew may be given best in the 
autumn or spring. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Place a saucer filled 
with water near a stove or radiator; do 



not cover it or disturb it. Place another 
saucer filled with water near this but cover 
it with a tight box. From which saucer 
does the water evaporate more rapidly? 
Why? 

2. We hang the clothes, after they are 
washed, out-of-doors to dry; what becomes 
of the water that was in them? Will they 
dry more rapidly during a clear or during 
a damp day? Why? Will they dry more 
rapidly during a still or during a windy 
day? Why? Will they dry more rapidly 
during hot or cold weather? Why? 

3. Watch a teakettle of water as it is 
boiling. Notice that near its spout there 
is no mist, but what we call steam is 
formed beyond this. Why is this so? What 
is steam? Why does water boil away? Do 
kettles boil dry sooner on some days than 
on others? Why? 

4. If the water disappears in the atmos- 
phere where does it go? Why do we say 
" the weather is damp "? What force is 
it that wrings the water out of the atmos- 
phere? 

5. Why does the breath of a horse show 
as a mist on a cold day? Why do persons 
who wear spectacles find their glasses cov- 
ered with mist as soon as they enter a 
warm room after having been out in the 
cold? Why do the windowpanes become 
covered with mist during cold weather? 
Is it the mist on the outside or on the 




W. A. Bentley 

Frost crystals on a windowpane 



WATER FORMS 



inside? Why does steam show as a white 
mist? Why does the ice pitcher, on a 
warm day, become covered on the outside 
with drops of water? Would this happen 
on a cold day? Why not? 

6. Why, when the water is invisible in 
the atmosphere, does it become visible as 
clouds? What causes the lower edges of 
cumulus clouds to be so level? What is 
fog? Why do clouds occur on mountain 
peaks? What causes rain? 

7. What causes dew to form? When the 
grass is covered with dew, are the leaves 
of the higher trees likewise covered? Why 
not? What kind of weather must we have 
in order to have dewy nights? What must 




Photomicrograph by "W. A. Bentley 

Forms of hoar frost 

be the atmosphere of the air in relation 
to that of the ground in order to condense 
the dew? Does dew form on windy nights? 
Why not? Does all dew come from the 
air, or does some of it come from the 
ground through the plants? Why is not 
this water, pumped up by the plants, evap- 
orated? 

8. What happens to the dew if the 
weather becomes freezing during the 
night? What is hoar frost? Why should 
water change form when it is frozen? How 
many forms of frost crystals can you find 
on the grass on a frosty morning? 

9. When a pond begins freezing over, 
what part of it freezes first? Describe how 
the first layer of ice is formed over the 
surface. 

10. Place a bottle of water out of doors 




Marjorie Ruth Ross 

Hoar frost on a tree 

in freezing weather. How does the ice 
appear in it at first? What happens later? 
Why does the bottle break? How is it 
that water which has filled the crevices of 
rocks scales off pieces of the rock in cold 
weather? Why does winter wheat " win- 
ter-kill " on wet soil? 

1 1 . Why does frost form on a window- 
pane? How many different figures can you 
trace on a frosted pane? Are there any long, 
needle-like forms? Are there star forms? 
Can you find forms that resemble ferns 
and trees? Do you sometimes see, on 
boards or on the pavement, frost in forms 
like those on the windowpane? 

12. When there is a fine, dry snow 
falling, take a piece of dark flannel and 
catch some flakes upon it. Examine them 
with a lens, being careful not to breathe 
upon them. How many forms of snow 
crystals can you find? How many rays are 
there in the star-shaped snow crystals? Do 




Photomicrograph by W. A. Bentley 

High cloud snow crystal 



8i 4 EARTH AND SKY 

you find any solid crystals? Can you find The thin snow now driving from the 

any crystals that are triangular? When the north and lodging on my coat consists of 

snow is falling in large, feathery flakes, those beautiful star crystals, not cottony 

can you find the crystals? Why not? and chubby spokes, but thin and partly 

13. What is the difference between a transparent crystals. They are about a 

hailstone and a snow crystal? What is tenth of an inch in diameter, perfect little 

s l eet ? wheels with six spolces without a tire, or 

rather with six perfect little leaflets, fern- 

When in the night we wake and hear the like, with a distinct straight and slender 

raj * n midrib, raying from the center. On each 

Which on the white bloom of the orchard side of each midrib there is a transparent 

falls thin blade with a crenate edge. How full 

And on 'the young, green wheat-blades, of creative genius is the air in which these 

where thought recalls are generated! I should hardly admire 

How in the furrow stands the rusting plow, more if real stars fell and lodged on my 

Then fancy pictures what the day will coat. Nature is full of genius, full of divin- 

see _ ity. Nothing is cheap and coarse, neither 

The ducklings paddling in the puddled dewdrops nor snowflakes. 

j ane A divinity must have stirred within 

Sheep grazing slowly up the emerald slope, them before the ciystals did thus shoot 

Clear bird-notes ringing, and the droning and set. Wheels of storm-chariots. The 

j, ee same law that shapes the earth-star shapes 

Among the lilac's bloom enchanting the snow-stars. As surely as the petals of 

hope _ a flower are fixed, each of these countless 

How fair the fading dreams we entertain, snow-stars comes whirling to earth, pro- 

When in the night we wake and hear the nouncing thus, with emphasis, the num- 

rainl ROBERT BURNS WILSON ber six. THOREAU'S JOURNAL 



THE SKIES 
REVISED BY S. L. BOOTHROYD 

Professor of Astronomy in Cornell University 






Halley's Comet, May 7, 1910 



Lick Observatory 



THE STORY OF THE STARS 

Why did not somebody teach me the constellations and malce me at home in the 
starry heavens, which are always overhead, and which I don't half know to this day. 

THOMAS CAKLYLE 



For many reasons aside from the mere 
knowledge acquired, children should be 
taught to know something of the stars. 
It is an investment for future years; the 
stars are a constant reminder to us of the 
thousands of worlds outside our own, and 
looking at them intelligently lifts us out 
of ourselves in wonder and admiration for 
the infinity of the universe, and serves to 
make our own cares and trials seem trivial. 
The author has not a wide knowledge of 
the stars; a dozen constellations were 
taught to her as a little child by her 
mother, who loved the sky as well as the 
earth; but perhaps nothing she has ever 
learned has been to her such a constant 
source of satisfaction and pleasure as this 
ability to call a few stars by the names 
they have borne since the men of ancient 
times first mapped the heavens. It has 
given her a sense of friendliness with the 
night sky that can only be understood by 
those who have had a similar experience. 



There are three ways by which the mys- 
teries of the skies are made plain to us: 
first, by our own eyes; second, by the tele- 
scope; and third, by the spectroscope and 
other physical instruments. These instru- 
ments help us to interpret the messages 
brought by the light coming from the 
heavenly bodies. The spectroscope is an 
instrument which tells us, by analyzing 
the light of stars, not only the chemical 
elements which compose them, but some- 
thing of the state in which the gases exist 
in the stars, planets, and nebulae. It also 
makes possible the measurement of the 
rate at which a heavenly body is approach- 
ing or receding from us. Further still it 
gives information which assists in deter- 
mining the temperature of stars as well as 
in measuring their sizes. 

Thus 7 we have learned many things 
about the stars; we know that every shin- 
ing star is a great blazing sun, and there 
is no reason to doubt that many of these 



8i6 



EARTH AND SKY 



suns have worlds like the earth spinning 
around them, although, of course, so far 
away as to be invisible to us; for our world 
could not be seen at all from even the 
nearest star. 

The telescope early revealed to Galileo 
that the Milky Way or Galaxy is not a 
nebulous band of hazy light around the 
sky, as it appears to the unaided eye, but 
is composed of myriads of faint stars, too 
faint to be seen individually without tele- 
scopic aid. 

We also know that many of the stars 
which seem single to us are really double 
made up of two vast suns swinging 
around a common center; and although 
they may be millions of miles apart, they 
are so far away that they seem to us as 
one star. The telescope reveals many of 
these double stars and shows that they 
circle around their orbits in various periods 
of time, the most rapid making the circuit 
in five years, another in sixteen years, an- 
other in forty-six years; while there is at 
least one lazy pair which seems to require 
fully sixteen hundred years to complete 
one journey around their elongated, oval 
orbit. And the spectroscope has revealed 
to us that many of the stars which seem 
single through the largest telescope are 
really double, and some of these great 
suns race around each other in the period 
of a few days, at a rate of speed we could 
hardly imagine. 

Astronomers have been able to measure 
the distance from us to many of the stars, 
but when this distance is expressed in 
miles it is too much for us to grasp. Con- 
sequently, they have come to express dis- 
tance to heavenly bodies in terms of the 
time it takes light to reach us from them. 
Light travels 186,300 miles a second or 
about six trillion miles a year; this distance 
is called a light-year. Thus a star whose 
distance is such that it takes eight years 
for its light to reach us, is said to be 
removed from us eight light-years. Light 
reaches us from the sun in eight and one- 
third minutes; but it takes more than four 
years for a ray to reach us from the nearest 
star. It adds new interest to the Polestar 
to know that the light which reaches our 



eyes left that star almost half a century 
ago, and that the light we get from the 
Pleiades started on its journey before 
America was discovered. Most of the stars 
are so far away that we cannot measure 
the distance. 

Although stars seem stationary, they are 
all moving through space just as our own 
sun is doing; but the stars are so far away 
that even if one moved a million miles a 
day, it would require years of observation 
to detect that it moved at all, except for 
that component of its motion which is 
directly toward or. -a way from us. We know 
the stars are in motion just as planets 
are in motion in our solar system. The 
problem of determining these motions be- 
longs in the realm of advanced astronomi- 
cal study, and is too difficult to consider 
here. 

The spectroscope reveals the life cycle 
of stars; when young they are composed of 
thin gases shining red and are giant stars; 
when older and more condensed they 
shine yellow; when still more condensed 
they shine white and may shine blue. This 
condition marks the end of their infancy; 
then they decline through these colors in 
reverse order. When on the decline, they 
become yellowish, white stars; after this 
they change very little in size and shine 
with a constant light through millions 
upon millions of years; this stage consti- 
tutes the solar stage of their life and oc- 
cupies the major part of their life history. 

Scattered through the skies are objects 
which look like clouds; these are the so- 
called nebulas. Some of these have already 
been found to consist of stars arranged in 
a globular system of suns. Others have 
been found to be whole Milky-Way sys- 
tems the so-called spiral nebulae; others 
are found to be large volumes of glowing 
gas and yet others are immense areas of 
interstellar dust illumined by giant stars. 

Only two nebula* can be seen with the 
unaided eye. The telescope, by the aid of 
photography, reveals planetary nebulae, 
and both bright and dark irregular nebulae 
within our own Milky-Way system of stars 
and in the Magellanic clouds (those near- 
est external galaxies beyond the Milky- 



Way system known to man ) . Photographs 
taken by the largest telescopes reveal mil- 
lions of spiral nebulae which are distant 
Milky- Way systems of stars, each contain- 
ing all the types of stars, planetary nebulae, 
and irregular nebulae which are found in 
our own Milky- Way system. 

The planetary nebulae are so named be- 
cause they have a fairly definite boundary 
and may appear like a luminous disc or 
luminous ring; they always have at their 
center a hot star, whose radiation is rich- 
est in the ultraviolet rays. 

The number of stars that can be seen 
in the whole sky with the unaided eye is 
between six and seven thousand; since we 
see only half of the sky at once, and since 
the region near the horizon is obscured 
by a more or less dense haze, we can sel- 
dom see more than about two thousand 
stars at a given time. With the help of the 
telescope, about eight hundred thousand 
stars have been seen individually, classi- 
fied, and catalogued, while photography of 
the skies reveals thousands of millions. 

The Milky Way or Galaxy, that great 
white band across the heavens, is made up 
of stars which are so far away that we can- 
not see them individually, but see only 
their diffused light. It is well called a 
" river of stars " flowing in a circle around 
our whole sky; and during the early hours 
of night, except in the months of spring, 
one-half of it is seen directly above us 
while the other half is hidden below us. 
If one observes the skies at a late hour of 
the night in early spring, a portion of 
the Galaxy can be seen then; since it is 
not visible in early evening hours, most 
observers do not see it during the spring 
months. The place of the Milky Way in 
the heavens seems fixed and eternal; any 
star within its borders is always seen at 
the same point. When the Northern Cross 
lifts itself toward the zenith we are able 
to see that near that constellation the star 



THE SKIES 817 

river divides into three streams with long, 
blue islands between. 

SUGGESTED READING Astronomy for 
the Layman, by Frank Reh; Boys' Book 
of Astronomy, by Goodwin D. Swezey 
and }. Harris Gable; Consider the Heav- 
ens, by Forest R. Moulton; Exploring the 
Heavens, by G. Clyde Fisher; Handbook 
of the Heavens, by Hubert J. Bernhard, 
Dorothy A. Bennett, and Hugh S. Rice; 
Let's Look at the Stars, by Edwin B. Frost; 
Our Wonderful Universe, by Clarence A. 
Chant; Pathways in Science, by Gerald S. 
Craig and Co-authors, Book 2, Out-of- 
Doors, Book 3, Our Wide, Wide World, 
Book 5, Learning About Our World, and 
Book 6, Our Earth and Its Story; The 
Stars for Children, by Gaylord Johnson; 
The Stars for Sam, by W. Maxwell Reed; 
Science Stories, by Wilbur L. Beauchamp 
and Co-authors, Books i and 2; Through 
Space and Time, by Sir James H. Jeans; 
Through the Telescope, by Edward A. 
Fath; When the Stars Come Out, by 
Robert H. Baker; Wonders of the Sky, by 
Mary Proctor; The Young Folk's Book 
of the Heavens, by Mary Proctor; addi- 
tional references are to be found in the 
bibliography in the back of this Hand- 
book. 

Books particularly useful in the study of 
stars: 

Astronomy for Young Folks, by Isabel 
M. Lewis; Astronomy from a Dipper, by 
Eliot C. Clarke; A Beginner's Star Book, 
by Kelvin McKready ( Edgar G. Murphy) ; 
The Book of Stars for Young People, by 
William T. Olcott; Field Book of the 
Skies, by William T. Olcott and Edmund 
W. Putnam; The Friendly Stars, by 
Martha E. Martin; Introducing the Con- 
stellations, by Robert H. Baker; Our Stars 
Month by Month, by Mary Proctor; addi- 
tional references are to be found in the 
bibliography in the back of this Hand- 
book. 



8i8 



EARTH AND SKY 



HOW TO BEGIN STAR STUDY: 
THE CIRCUMPOLAR CONSTELLATIONS 



THE POLESTAR AND THE 
DIPPERS 

The way to begin star study is to learn 
to know the Big Dipper, and through its 
pointers to distinguish the Polestar; for 
whenever we try to find any star we have 
to find the Big Dipper and Polestar first, 
so as to have some fixed point to start 



of us who live in the Northern Hemi- 
sphere, the North Star never sets, but is 
always in our sky. Of course, the North 
Star has nothing to do with the axis ot 
our earth any more than the figure on the 
blackboard has to do with the pointer; it 
simply happens to lie in the direction to- 
ward which the northern end of the earth's 




Stars of late summer and autumn 



S. L. Boothroyd 



Key map to the sky as the observer in the Northern Hemisphere faces south. An observer in the Southern 
Hemisphere would need to face north and hold the map upside down. _ m 

On Sept. 1, 10 P.M., Sept. 15, 9 P.M., Oct. 1, 8 P.M., Oct. 15, 7 P.M., Nov. 1, 6 P.M., the regions shown in the 
center of the map are due south of an observer in the Northern Hemisphere and due north of an observer in 
the Southern Hemisphere. Use the map that represents the date nearest the time the observations are being made 



from. There are four stars in the bowl of 
the Big Dipper and three in the curved 
handle. A line drawn through the outer 
two stars of the bowl, if extended, will 
touch the North Star, or Polestar. It is 
very important for us to know the Pole- 
star, because the northern end of the 
earth's axis is directed toward it, and it is 
therefore situated in the heavens almost 
directly above our North Pole. For those 



axis points. In the southern skies, there 
is no bright star which lies directly above 
the South Pole, so there is no South Pole- 
star. 

The Polestar cannot be seen from the 
Southern Hemisphere; but if we should 
start from Florida, on a journey toward 
Baflhi's Bay, we should discover that each 
night this star would seem higher in the 
sky. And if we should succeed in reaching 



THE SKIES 



819 



the North Pole, we would find the Pole- 
star directly over our heads, and what 
a wonderful sight the stars would be from 
this point! For none of the stars we could 
see would rise or set, but would move 
around us in circles parallel to the horizon. 
The Big Dipper shows us the Polestar, 
and seems to revolve around it counter- 
clockwise every twenty-three hours and 
fifty-six minutes; but of course this ap- 
pearance is caused by the fact that we 
ourselves are revolving from west to east. 



Thus, the Big Dipper and the other 
polar constellations are the night clock of 
the sailors of the Northern Hemisphere; 
for though this great polar clock has its 
hands moving around the wrong way, it 
gains time with such regularity that any- 
one who understands it is able to compute 
exact time by it. 

The Little Dipper lies much nearer the 
Polestar than does the Big Dipper; in fact, 
the Polestar itself is the end of the handle 
of the Little Dipper. Besides the Polestar, 




S. L. Boothroyd 

North circumpolar chart. For observations 
about 9 P.M. Hold the map in such a way that 
the name of the month in which the observa- 
tion is made is at the top of the map 

Therefore, the stars seem to revolve 
counterclockwise about the Polestar as 
we face it. The fact that the sky makes 
one revolution in nearly four minutes less 
than twenty-four hours is due to the an- 
nual motion of the earth around the sun. 
The Big Dipper is seen east of the Pole- 
star with handle down early in the eve- 
ning in January, and it is seen west of the 
Polestar with handle up at the same time 
of evening in July; but the time of year 
that a certain star reaches a given point 
with reference to our horizon is so invaria- 
ble that if we know star time, or sidereal 
time as it is called, we can tell just what 
hour of night it is when a star is at this 
point. 



S. L. Boothroyd 

South circum.polar chart. For observations 
about 9 P.M. Hold the map in such a way that 
the month in which the observation is made 
occurs at the top of the map 

there are two more stars in the handle of 
the Little Dipper, and of the four stars 
which make the bowl, the two that form 
the outer edge are much the brighter. The 
bowl of the Little Dipper is above or be- 
low the Polestar according to the hour of 
the evening and the night of the year, 
for it apparently revolves about the Pole- 
star as does the Big Dipper. The two Dip- 
pers open toward each other, and as some- 
one has said, " They pour into each other/' 
The Big Dipper is a part of a constella- 
tion called Ursa Ma/or, the Great Bear; 
and the Little Dipper is the Little Bear, 
the handle of the dipper being the bear's 
tail- 
There is an ancient myth telling the 



820 



EARTH AND SKY 



story of the Big and Little Bears: A beau- 
tiful mother called Callisto had a little son 
whom she named Areas. Callisto was so 
beautiful that she awakened the anger of 
Juno, who changed her to a bear; and 
when her son grew up he became a 
hunter, and one day would have killed his 
transformed mother; but Jupiter seeing 
the danger of this crime caught the two 
up into the heavens, and set them there as 
shining stars. But Juno was still vindictive, 




The Polestar and the Big and Little Dippers 

so she wrought a spell which never allowed 
these stars to rise and set like other stars, 
but kept them always moving around and 
around. 

SUGGESTED READING Elementary Sci- 
ence by Grades, by Ellis C. Persing and 
Elizabeth K. Peeples, Book 2; Nature and 
Science Readers, by Edith M. Patch 
and Harrison E. Howe, Book 3, Sur- 
prises; Star Myths from Many Lands, 
by Dorothy Renick; also, readings on 
page 817. 

LESSON 224 
THE Two DIPPERS 
LEADING THOUGHT The North Star or 
Polestar can always be found by the stars 
known as the pointers in the Big Dipper; 
the stars of the Big Dipper seem to re- 
volve around the Polestar once in twenty- 
three hours and fifty-six minutes. 



METHOD The time to begin these ob- 
servations is when the moon is in its last 
quarter, so that the moonlight will not 
pale the stars in early evening. Draw upon 
the blackboard, from the chart shown 
opposite, the Big Dipper and the Pole- 
star, with a line extending through the 
pointers. Say to the pupils that this Big 
Dipper is above or below or at one side 
of the Polestar, and that you wish them 
to observe for themselves where it is and 
tell you about it the next day. After they 
surely know the Big Dipper, ask the fol- 
lowing questions. 

OBSERVATIONS i . Can you find the 
Big Dipper among the stars? 

2. Is it in the north, south, east, or west? 

3. Which stars are the " pointers " in 
the Dipper, and why are they so called? 

4. Make a drawing showing how you 
can always find the Polestar, if you can 
see the Big Dipper. 

5. How many stars make the bowl of 
the Dipper? 

6. How many stars in the handle? 

7. Is the handle straight or is it curved? 

8. Does the Big Dipper open toward 
the Polestar, or away from it? 

9. On the night of your observation 
was it above or below the Polestar at eight 
o'clock in the evening, or at the right or 
the left of it? 

10. Does the Big Dipper remain in the 
same direction from the Polestar all 
night? Look at it at seven o'clock and 
again at nine o'clock and see whether it 
has changed position. 

11. Do you think it moves around the 
Polestar approximately every twenty-four 
hours? In which direction? How could 
you tell the time of night by the Big Dip- 
per and the Polestar? 

12. Does the Big Dipper ever rise and 
set? 

13. The Big Dipper is part of the Great 
Bear. Can you find the stars which make 
the bear's head and front legs? 

After the pupils surely know the Big 
Dipper and Polestar, draw the complete 
diagram upon the board to show the Little 
Dipper and where it may be found, and 
call attention to the fact that the end of 



THE SKIES 



821 



the Little Dipper's handle is the Polestar 
itself and that its bowl is not flaring, like 
that of the Big Dipper, and that the two 
pour into each other. Let the pupils find 
the Little Dipper in the sky for themselves 
and ask the following questions. 

14. Is the Little Dipper nearer or far- 
ther from the Polestar than the Big Dip- 
per? 

15. How many stars in the handle of 
the Little Dipper? 

16. How many stars make the bowl of 
the Little Dipper? Which of these stars 
are the brightest? Is the bowl of the Little 
Dipper above or below the Polestar? 

17. Does the Little Dipper extend in 
the same direction in relation to the Pole- 
star all night? 

18. Make observations on the relation 
to each other of the two dippers at eight 
o'clock in the evenings of January, Febru- 
ary, March, and April. 

After the above lessons are well learned, 
give the following questions about Polaris 
(the North Star) and try to have the 
pupils think out the answers. 

19. How many names has the Polestar? 
Can the Polestar be seen from the South- 
ern Hemisphere? If not, why not? 

20. If you should start from southern 
Florida and travel straight north, how 
would the Polestar seem to change posi- 
tion each succeeding night? 

21. If you could stand at the North 
Pole, where would the Polestar seem 
to be? 

22. If you were at the North Pole, 
would any of the stars rise and set? In 
what direction would the stars seem to 
move and why? 

23. How does the North Star help the 
sailors to navigate the seas and why? 

24. How do astronomers reckon dis- 
tances between us and the stars? What 
is a light-year? 

TOPICS FOR ENGLISH LESSON (a) 
What a star is. (b) What a constellation 
is. (c) How the stars and constellations 
received their names in ancient times. In 
ancient times the constellations which 
contain the Big and Little Dippers were 
named the Big and Little Bears, and those 



are their Latin names to this day. Write 
a story about what the ancient Greeks 
told about these Bears and how they came 
to be in the sky. 

CASSIOPEIA'S CHAIR, CEPHEUS, 
AND THE DRAGON 

There are other constellations besides 
the two Dippers which never rise and set 
in the latitude of central New York, be- 
cause they are so near to the Polestar that, 
when revolving around it, they do not 
fall below the horizon. There is one very 
brilliant star, called Capella, which almost 
belongs to the polar constellations in this 
latitude but not quite, for it is far enough 




The polar constellations as they appear at 
about 8 P.M. on January 20, the Dragon being 
below the Polestar. By revolving this chart 
as indicated, the positions of the stars are 
shown for 6 P.M., midnight, 6 A.M., and noon 
of January 20 

away from Polaris to dip below the hori- 
zon for a few hours during each circuit 
around the Pole. 

Queen Cassiopeia's Chair is on the op- 
posite side of the Polestar from the Big 
Dipper and at about equal distance from 
it. It consists of five brilliant stars that 
form a W with the top toward Polaris, 
one-half of the W being wider than the 
other. There is a less brilliant sixth star 
which finishes out half of the W into a 
chair seat, making of the figure a very 



822 



EARTH AND SKY 



uneasy looking throne for a poor queen to 
sit upon. 

King Cepheus is Queen Cassiopeia's 
husband, and he sits with one foot on 
the Polestar quite near to his royal spouse. 
His constellation is marked by five stars, 
four of which form a lozenge, and a line 
connecting the t\vo stars on the side of 
the lozenge farthest from Cassiopeia, if 
extended, will reach the Polestar as surely 
as a line from the Big Dipper pointers. 
Cepheus is not such a shining light in the 
heavens as is his wife, for his stars are 
not so brilliant. Perhaps this is because 
he was only incidentally put in the skies. 
He was merely the consort of Queen Cas- 
siopeia, who being a vain and jealous lady 
boasted that she and her daughter An- 
dromeda were far more beautiful than any 
goddesses that ever were, and thus in- 
curred the wrath of Juno and Jupiter who 
set the whole family " sky high " and quite 
out of the way, a punishment which has 
its compensations since they are where 
the world of men may look at and admire 
them for all ages. 

Lying between the Big and Little Dip- 
pers and extending beyond the latter is a 
straggling line of stars, which, if connected 
by a line, make a very satisfactory dragon. 
Nine stars form his body and three his 
head, the two brighter ones being the eyes. 

SUGGESTED READING Elementary Sci- 
ence by Grades, by Ellis C. Parsing and 
Elizabeth K. Peeples, Book 3; also, read- 
ings on page 817. 

LESSON 225 

CASSIOPEIA'S CHAIR, CEPHEUS, 
AND THE DRAGON 

LEADING THOUGHT To learn to know 
and to map the constellations which are 
so near the Polestar that they never rise 
or set in our latitude, but seem to swing 
around the North Star once in twenty- 
three hours and fifty-six minutes. 

METHOD Place on i-he blackboard the 



diagram given showing the Polestar, the 
Big and Little Dippers, and Cassiopeia's 
Chair, and ask for observations and 
sketches showing their position in the 
skies the following evening. After the pu- 
pils have observed the Chair and know it, 
add to your diagram first Cepheus and 
then the Dragon. After you are sure the 
pupils know these constellations, give the 
folio wing lesson. The observations should 
be made early and late in the same evening 
and at different times of the month, so 
that pupils will in every case note the ap- 
parent movement of these stars around 
the Polestar. 

OBSERVATIONS i . How many stars 
form Cassiopeia's Chair? Make a draw- 
ing showing them and their relation to the 
Polestar. 

2. Is the Queen's Chair on the same 
side of the Polestar as the Big Dipper? 
Is the top or the bottom of the " W " 
which forms Cassiopeia's Chair turned to- 
ward the Polestar? 

3. Does Cassiopeia's Chair move 
around the Polestar, like the Big Dipper? 

4. How many stars mark the constel- 
lation of Cepheus? 

5. Make a sketch of these stars and 
show the two which are pointers toward 
the North Star. 

6. Does Cepheus also move around the 
Polestar, and in which direction? 

7. Describe where the Dragon lies, and 
where his tail and his head are in relation 
to the two Dippers. Make a sketch of the 
Dragon. 

8. Why do all the polar constellations 
seem to move around the Polestar every 
twenty-three hours and fifty-six minutes, 
and why do they seem to go in a direction 
opposite the movement of the hands of a 
clock? What do we mean by " polar con- 
stellations "? 

TOPICS FOR ENGLISH THEMES The 
Story of Queen Cassiopeia, King Cepheus, 
and their Daughter, Andromeda; The 
Story of the Dragon. 



THE SKIES 



823 



THE WINTER STARS 



The natural time for beginning star 
study is in the autumn when the days are 
shortening and the early evenings give us 
opportunity for observation. After the 
polar constellations are learned, we are 
then ready for further study in the still 
earlier evenings of winter, when the clear 
atmosphere makes the stars seem more 
alive, more sparkling, and more beautiful 
than at any other period of the year. One 
of the first lessons should be to instruct the 
pupils how to draw an imaginary straight 
line from one star to another, and to per- 
ceive the angles which such lines make 
when they meet at a given star. A rule, 
or what is just as effective, a postal card or 
some other piece of stiff paper which 
shows right-angled corners, is very useful 
in this work. It should be held between 
the eyes and the stars which we wish to 
connect, and thus make us certain of a 
straight line and a right angle. 

ORION (o-ry'on) 

During the evenings of January, Febru- 
ary, and March the splendid constellation 
of Orion takes possession of the southern 
half of the heavens; and so striking is it 
that we find other stars by referring to it 
instead of to the Polestar. Orion is a con- 
stellation which almost everyone knows; 
three stars in a row outline his belt, and a 
curving line of stars, set obliquely below 
the belt, outlines the sword. Above the 
belt as the constellation is seen in the eve- 
ning sky of middle northern latitudes we 
can see the splendid red star Betelgeuse 
(bet'el-jooz) , and below the belt, at about 
an equal distance, is the white star Rigel 
(ry'/el). West of the red star above, and 
east of the white star below, are two fainter 
stars, and if these four stars are connected 
by lines, an irregular four-sided figure re- 
sults, which includes the belt and the 
sword. In this constellation the ancients 
saw Orion, the great hunter, with his belt 
and his sword; Betelgeuse was set like a 



glowing ruby on his shoulder, and the 
white star Rigel was set like a spur on his 
heel. Thus stood the great hunter in the 
sky, with his club raised to keep off the 
plunging bull whose eye is the red Aldeb- 
aran (al-deb'a-ran) . And beyond him fol- 
lows the Great Dog with the bright blue- 
white star Sirius (sir'i-us) in his mouth., 
and the Little Dog branded by the white 
star Procyon (pro'si-on). However, our 
New England ancestors did not see this; 
grand figure in the sky; they called the 
constellation the Yard-ell or the Ell-yard, 
The three beautiful stars which make; 
Orion's belt are all double stars; the belt 




Orion, the three large stars in a line form- 
ing the belt, the curved line of smaller stars 
below forming the sword, Betelgeuse above to 
the left, Rigel below the belt, forming with 
Betelgeuse and the three stars of the belt a 
long narrow diamond in the sky 

is just three degrees long and is a good 
unit for sky measurement. The sword is 
not merely the three stars which we ordi- 
narily see, but is really a curved line of 
five stars; and what seems to be a hazy 
star, third from the tip of the sword is in 
fact a great nebula. Through the tele- 
scope this nebula seems a splash of light 
with six beautiful stars within it. Near lati- 
tude 40 degrees north, the first star in 
Orion to appear above the horizon is red 



EARTH AND SKY 




diagram of the principal stars of winter as seen in early evening late in February 



Betelgeuse, a blushing young giant just 
starting on its career as a star; it is com- 
posed of a gas much thinner than our air. 
Its diameter is 300,000,000 miles, which 
is more than one and one-half times that 
of the Earth's orbit. It is 200 light-years 



away from us. About fifteen minutes after 
Betelgeuse rises, and after the belt and 
sword are in sight, a white sparkling star 
appears 10 degrees to the south of the belt. 
This is Rigel, at a distance of 550 light- 
years. Seventeen thousand of our suns 



THE SKIES 




Stars of late autumn and winter 



S. L. Boothxoyd 



Key map to the sky as the observer in the Northern Hemisphere faces south. An observer in the Southern 
Hemisphere would need to face north and hold the map upside down 

On Nov. 30, 12 P.M., Dec. 15, 11 P.M., Jan. 1, 10 P.M., Jan. 15, 9 P.M., Feb. I, 8 P.M., Feb. 15, 7 P.M., March 1, 
6 P.M., the regions shown in the center of the map are due seuth of an observer in the Northern Hemisphere and due 
north of an observer in the Southern Hemisphere. Use the map that represents the date nearest the time the 
observations are being made 



would be required to send us the same 
amount of light if they were as far away as 
this lovely star. 

SUGGESTED READING Elementary Sci- 
ence by Grades, by Ellis C. Persing and 
Elizabeth K. Peeples, Book 3; also, read- 
ings on page 817. 

LESSON 226 
ORION 

LEADING THOUGHT Orion is one of 
the most beautiful constellations in the 
heavens. It is especially marked by the 
three stars which form Orion's belt, and 
the line of stars below the belt which form 
the sword. 

METHOD Place on the blackboard the 
outline of Orion as given in the diagram. 
Ask the pupils to make the following ob- 
servations in the evening and give their 
report the next day. 



OBSERVATIONS i. Where is Orion in 
relation to the Polestar? 

2. How many stars in the belt of Orion? 
How many stars in the sword? Can you see 
plainly the third star from the bottom of 
the sword? 

3. Notice above the belt, about three, 
times its length, a bright star; this is Bet- 
elgeuse. What is the color of this star? 
What do we know about the age of a star 
if it is red? 

4. Look below the belt and observe an- 
other bright star at about the same dis- 
tance below that Betelgeuse is above. 
What is the color of this star? What does 
its color signify? The name of this is 
RigeL 

5. Note that west of the red star above 
and east of the white star below are two 
fainter stars. If we connect these four stars 
by lines we shall make an irregular four- 
sided figure, fencing in the belt and sword. 



826 



EARTH AND SKY 



Sketch this figure with the belt and sword, 
and write on your diagram the name of 
the red star above and the white star be- 
low and also the name of the constella- 
tion. 

6. Which star of the constellation rises 
first in the evening? Which last? 

7. Write a story about Orion, the great 
hunter. 

ALDEBARAN AND THE PLEIADES 

Almost in a line with the belt of Orion, 
up in the skies northwest from it, is the 
rosy star Aldebaran. This star, which is 
also a ruddy young giant, marks the end 
of the lower arm of a V-shaped cluster 




Aldebaran in the V-shaped duster called 
the Hyades. This is a part of the constellation 
Taurus 

composed of this and four other stars. 
This cluster is the Hyades (hy'a-deez). 
The Hyades is a part of the constellation 
called by the ancients Taurus, the bull, 
and is the head of the infuriated animal. 
Aldebaran is a comparatively near neigh- 
bor of ours, since it takes light only fifty- 
seven years to pass from it to us. It gives 
off about one hundred times as much light 
as does our sun; it lies in the path traversed 
by the moon as it crosses the sky, and is 
often thus hidden from our view when 
the moon occults the star. 



Pld 


&gt;ne 


M '*5 

naia 


get* 


M 


9 Alcyo* 


7tf &amp; 
ferop* 


Ztra 



The Pleiades, a well-known group of stars } 
with the visible stars named 

Although we are attracted by many 
bright stars in the winter sky ? yet there 
is a little misty group of stars, which has 
ever held the human attention enthralled, 
and of which the poets of all the ages have 



sung. These stars are called the Pleiades 
(plee'ya-deez); most eyes can count only 
six stars in the cluster. There are nine stars 
large enough to be seen through the field 
glass, and which have been given names- 
but sky photography has revealed to us 
that there are more than two thousand 
stars in this little group. Perhaps no stars 
in the heavens give us such a feeling of 
the infinity of the universe as do the 
Pleiades; for they form a great star system, 
known as an open cluster. These stars 
which look so close together to us are 
really so far apart that our own sun and all 
its planets could roll in between them and 
never be noticed. It would require several 
years for light to travel from one of these 
stars in the Pleiades to another. The Plei- 
ades are so far from us that it takes light 
three hundred years to reach us from 
them. There is a mythical story that once 
the unaided eye could see seven instead of 
six stars in the Pleiades, and much poetic 
imagining has been developed to account 
for the " lost Pleiad/' This myth is proba- 
bly founded on fact. 

LESSON 227 
ALDEBARAN AND THE PLEIADES 

LEADING THOUGHT The Pleiades 
seem to be a little misty group of six stars, 
but instead there are in it two thousand 
stars. Half way between the Pleiades and 
Orion's belt is Aldebaran, an adolescent 
ruddy star. 

METHOD Draw the diagram (p. 824) 
on the blackboard showing Orion, Al- 
debaran, and the Pleiades, and the lines 
B, C, D. Give an outline of the observa- 
tions to be made by the pupils, and let 
them work out the answers when they 
have opportunity. Each pupil should pre- 
pare a chart of these constellations. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Imagine a lint 
drawn from Rigel to Betelgeuse and then 
another line just as long extending to the 
west of the latter at a little less than a right 
angle, and it will end in a bright, rosy star, 
not so red as Betelgeuse. 

2. What is the name of this star? Write 
it on your chart. 



THE SKIES 



3. Can you see the figure V formed by 
Aldebaran and four fainter stars? Sketch 
the V and show where in it Aldebaran be- 
longs. This V-shaped cluster is called the 
Hyades. 

4. Imagine a line drawn from Orion's 
belt to Aldebaran and extend it to not 
quite an equal length beyond it, and it 
will end near a " fuzzy little bunch " of 
stars which are called the Pleiades. Place 
the Pleiades on your chart. 

5. How many stars can you see in the 
Pleiades? 

6. Why are they called the seven 
sisters? 

7. How many stars in the Pleiades 
are named, and how many does photog- 
raphy show that there really are in the 
group? 

8. How far apart from each other are 
the nearest neighbors of the Pleiades? 

THE TWO DOG STARS, SIRIUS 
AND PROCYON 

If a line from Aldebaran is passed 
through the belt of Orion and is extended 
about as far on the other side, it will reach 
the Great Dog Star, following at Orion's 
heels. This is Sirius (sir'i-us) the most 
brilliant of all the stars in our skies, glint- 
ing with ever changing colors, sometimes 
blue, at others rosy or white. It must have 
been of this star that Browning wrote: 

All that I know 
Of a certain star 
Is, it can throw 
(Like the angled spar) 
Now a dart of red, 
Now a dart of blue. 

Sirius has reached the blue white stage 
of star development. Although it is larger 
than our sun, and gives twenty-six times 
as much light as our sun, its superior bril- 
liance is due to its nearness to us; it is only 
eight and three-fourths light-years away 
from us. It is the most celebrated star in 
literature. The ancients knew it, the Egyp- 
tians worshipped it, Homer sang of it, and 
it has had its place in the poetry of all ages. 




Orion and the Dog Stars 

B, Betelgeuse; R, Rigel; S, Sirius, the Great Dog Star; 
P, Procyon, the Little Dog Star 

Procyon (pro'si-on) the Little Dog 
Star was so called perhaps because it trots 
up the eastern skies a little ahead of the 
magnificent Great Dog Star; it gives out 
five times as much light as our sun, and 
is only ten light-years away from us. 

LESSON 228 
THE Two DOG STARS 

LEADING THOUGHT The Great Dog 
Star, Sirius, is the most famous of all stars 
in the literature of the ages. The two Dog 
Stars were supposed by the ancients to be 
following the great hunter, Orion. 

METHOD Draw upon the board from 
the chart shown on this page, the constel- 
lation of Orion with Sirius and Procyon. 
Ask the pupils to note that after Orion is 
well up in the sky a straight line drawn 
through Orion's belt and dropping down 
toward the eastern horizon ends in a beau- 
tiful blue white star, which is Sirius; and 
that if we draw a line from Betelgeuse to 
Rigel, from Rigel to Sirius, and then 
draw lines to complete a quadrangle, we 
shall find our lines meet at a bright star 
just a little too far away to make the figure 
a square, but making it somewhat kite- 
shaped instead. This is the Little Dog Star, 
Procyon, and it has a twin which can be 
seen near it. After giving these directions 
let the children make the following obser- 
vations. 

OBSERVATIONS i. How do you find 
Sirius? Which rises first, Orion or Sirius? 



8z8 



EARTH AND SKY 



2. What color is Sirius? Judging from 
its color what stage of development do you 
think it is in? 

3. Try to find out how large Sirius is 
compared with our sun and how near it is 
to us. 

4. Why is Sirius called the Great Dog 
Star? Is the Little Dog Star nearer to the 
North Star than Sirius? Which is the 
brighter, the Great Dog Star or the Little 
Dog Star? Can you see any fainter star 
near Procyon? What direction is it from 
Procyon? 

5. Why is Procyon called the Little 
Dog Star? 

6. Make a chart showing Orion and the 
two Dog Stars. 

CAPELLA AND THE HEAVENLY 

TWINS 

Capella is nearer to the North Star than 
any other of the bright stars, and in the 
latitude of northern New York it is a cir- 
cumpolar star. Its light very much resem- 
bles that of our sun, as does that of all 




Capella in the constellation Auriga 

the bright yellow white stars; but it is a 
much larger star. Capella is always a beau- 
tiful feature of the northern skies, being 
almost in the zenith during the evenings 
of January and February. It is in a brilliant 
shield-shaped constellation known as 
Auriga. 

Capella is a double star; its two com- 
ponents give off 1 50 times as much light 
as our sun and it is forty-eight light-years 
away from us. If our sun were where Ca- 
pella is, it would be barely visible to the 
unaided eye on a very clear night. These 
two components, which make up Capella 



as we know it, are removed from each 
other about the same distance as the earth 
and the sun. One revolves about the other 
in a period of 104 days. The attraction be- 
tween these two massive suns is more 
powerful than the attraction between the 
earth and the sun; hence they race three 
and one-half times as fast in their orbits 
as does the earth. 

During the winter evenings we see two 
stars set like glowing eyes almost in the 
zenith, and in a region of the sky where 




Gemini, the heavenly twins: the larger one is 
Pollux, and the smaller, Castor 

there are no other bright stars. These twin 
stars are set just a little closer together 
than are the pointers of the Big Dipper. 
To this brilliant pair the ancients gave the 
names of Castor and Pollux. Pollux is the 
brighter of the two and is the more south- 
ward in situation. Pollux and Castor were 
two beautiful twin boys who loved each 
other so much that, after they were dead, 
they were placed in the skies where they 
could always be near each other. Although 
Castor and Pollux seem so near together 
in the sky, they are separated by a distance 
of eleven light-years, Castor being that 
much farther away from us than Pollux. 

The twin stars are supposed to exert a 
benign influence on oceans and seas and 
are, therefore, beloved by sailors. When 
a boy says " By Jimminy," he does not re- 
alize that he may be using an ancient ex- 
pletive " By Gemini/' which is the Latin 
name of these twin stars and was a favorite 
ancient oath, especially with sailors. 

Castor is easily seen as a double star in 
a three-inch telescope. Each star of the 
pair is really two stars, as revealed by the 
spectroscope. There are also three other 
faint stars in the system, so Castor is really 
seven stars a most remarkable system. 



LESSON 229 
CAPELLA AND THE HEAVENLY TWINS 

LEADING THOUGHT There are, during 
he evenings of January and February, 
hree brilliant stars almost directly over- 
lead. One of these is Capella; the other 
wo are the Heavenly Twins. 

METHOD Place on the board the part 
&gt;f the chart (p. 824) showing the Big 
Dipper, Polestar, Capella, and the Twins. 
Draw a line, L, from the pointers of the 
Jig Dipper, and extend it to the Polestar. 
Draw another line, K, from the Polestar 
it right angles to the line L ? and on the 
ide away from the Big Dipper's handle, 
md it will pass through a large, brilliant, 
Bellow star which is Capella. Ask the pu- 
)ils to imagine similar lines drawn across 
he sky when they are making their ob- 
;ervations, and thus find these stars, and 
:o place them on their charts, making the 
Allowing observations. 



THE SKIES 829 

OBSERVATIONS i. Is Capella as near 
to the Polestar as the Big Dipper? Is it 
near enough so that it never sets where 
you live? 

2. Can you see the shieldlike constella- 
tion of which Capella is a part? Do you 
know the name of this constellation? 

3. How do you find the Heavenly 
Twins after you have found Capella? 

4. Why are these stars called the Heav- 
enly Twins? What is their Latin name? 
What are the names of the two stars? 

5. How can you tell the Heavenly 
Twins from the Little Dog Star and its 
companion? 

6. Read in the books all that you can 
find about the Heavenly Twins. Try to 
find whether they are the same age, 
whether they are as near together as they 
seem, and whether they are going in the 
same direction. What sort of influence 
did the ancient sailors attribute to these 
twin stars? 



THE STARS OF SUMMER 



To us, who dwell in a world of change, 
he stars give the comfort of abidingness; 
hey remain ever the same to our eyes and 
he teacher should make much of this. 
When we once come to know a star, we 
enow exactly where to find it in the heav- 
jns, wherever we may be. A star which a 
person knows during childhood will, in 
ater life and in other lands, seem a 
staunch friend and a bond, drawing 
lim back to his early home and associa- 
ions. 

The summer is an inviting season for 
naking the acquaintance of eight of the 
ifteen brightest stars visible in northern 
atitudes. Few midsummer entertain- 
nents rival that of lying on one's back on 
:he grass of some open space which com- 
nands a wide view of the heavens. There 
vith a planisphere and an intermittently 
ighted flashlight with which to consult it, 
earn by sight, by name, and by heart 
:hose brilliant stars which will ever after 
neet our uplifted eyes with friendly greet- 
ng. To teach the children in a true in- 



forming way about the stars, the teacher 
should know them, and nowhere in Na- 
ture's realm is there a more thought-awak- 
ening lesson. 

LESSON 230 
THE BRIGHT STARS OF SUMMER 

LEADING THOUGHT The stars we see 
shining during summer evenings are not 
the same ones that we see during the win- 
ter evenings, except those in the circum- 
polar constellations. There are eight of the 
brilliant summer stars which we should 
be able to distinguish and call by name. 

METHOD Begin by the middle of May 
when the Big Dipper is well above the 
Polestar in the early evening, and when, 
therefore, Regulus, Spica, Arcturus, and 
the Crown are high in the sky. The others 
may be learned in June, although July is 
the best month for observing them. In 
teaching the pupils how to find the stars, 
again instruct them how to draw an imagi- 
nary straight line from one star to another 



830 

and to observe the angles made by such 
lines connecting three or four stars. 

Place upon the blackboard the figures 
from the chart below, as indicated, leav- 



EARTH AND SKY 



this line lies a group of stars called the 
Sickle, and the stars that form it outline 
this implement. The Sickle has a jewel 
at the end of the handle, which is a white 




A chart of the brightest stars of summer, showing their positions in early evenings of June 



ing each one there until the pupils have 
observed and learned it. Then erase it 
and put on another figure. In each case try 
to get the pupils interested in what we 
know about each star, a brief summary of 
which is given. Note that the observations 
given in the lessons are for early in the 
evenings of the last of May, of June, and 
of early July. 

REGULUS (reg'yu-Ius) 

Draw upon the blackboard from the 
above chart the Polestar, the Big Dip- 
per, the line G, and the Sickle, shown just 
below the outer end of the line. Extend 
the line that passes through the pointers 
of the Big Dipper to the North Star back- 
ward into the western skies; just west of 



and diamond-glittering star called Regu- 
lus. It is a great sun giving out seventy 
times as much light as our own sun, and 
this light reaches us in about fifty-seven 
years. The Sickle is part of a constellation 




Regulus, the large star in the handle of the 
sickle 



THE SKIES 



831 



JULY 



CANES V CHAT Id 



--A CO* 
\ ~BQR 



+ 
______.^ 









AM 8SR#iCI&lt;S 



4:^^: 



Ocnttba/a 




OPHWCHU&amp; 



M ^ 

MOMOCER&amp;S 




CORV^-S 






SCORPIO 



HYD 



% Brighter +han First 

A Third Maym'tutfc 

m fourth M&lt;xf/fvJc or fai/rte 



MAY 



Stars of spring and summer 



S. L. Boothroyd 



Key map to the sky as the observer in the Northern Hemisphere faces south. An observer in the Southern 
Hemisphere would need to face north and hold the map upside down % . 

On April I, 12 P.M., April 15, 11 P.M., May 1, 10 P.M., May 15, 9 P.M., June 1, 8 p M., the regions shown in the 
center of the map are due south of an observer in the Northern Hemisphere and due north of an observer in 
the Southern Hemisphere. Use the map that represents the date nearest the time the observations are being made 



called the Lion, from which comes the 
shower of meteors which we see on the 
evenings from November 11 15. Regu- 
lus is seen best in the evening skies of 
spring. 

ARCTURUS (ark-tu'rus) 
Place on the blackboard the Big Dipper, 
the Polestar and the line E, Arcturus, and 
the Crown. Extend the handle of the Big 



bright as our own sun, but its light does 
not reach us for thirty-eight years after it 
is given off. Arcturus is a giant sun, having 





Arcturus and the Big Dipper 

Dipper following its own curve for about 
its own length and it will end in a beauti- 
ful, orange star, the only very bright one 
in that region. It is one hundred times as 



The Northern Crown 

a diameter of nineteen million miles. Dur- 
ing the latter part of June and July it is 
almost overhead in the early evening. 

THE CROWN 

Between Arcturus and Vega, but much 
nearer the former, is a circle of smaller 



8 3 2 



EARTH AND SKY 



stars that is called the Northern Crown, 
which because of its form is quite notice- 
able. 

SPICA (spy 'lea) 

Place on the blackboard the Big Dipper, 
Polestar, line F (Fig. p. 830 ) 7 and Spica. 
To find Spica draw a line through the star 
on the outer edge of the top of the bowl of 




Vega and her train of five stars 

the Big Dipper, through the star at the 
bottom of the bowl next the handle, and 
extend this line far over to the southwest, 
during the evenings of June and July. ( See 
p. 830.) Spica is a white star, and is the 
only bright one in that part of the sky. 
It is over two hundred light-years dis- 
tant; 1,500 of our suns would be required 
to equal its brilliance at that distance. 
Spica is in the constellation called the 
Virgin. 

VEGA (vee'ga) 

Place on the blackboard the Polestar, 
the Big Dipper, the lines H and I (Fig. p. 
830), and Vega with her five attendant 
stars, as shown in the chart. Teach that 
these stars are the chief ones in the constel- 
lation called the Lyre. To find Vega, draw 
a line from the Polestar to the star in the 
Big Dipper which joins the bowl to the 
handle. Then draw a line at right angles to 



this (see chart lines H, I) and extend the 
line I a little farther from the North Star 
than is the end star of the Dipper handle; 
this line will reach a bright star, bluish in 
color, which can always be identified by 
four smaller attendant stars that lie near 
it and outline a parallelogram with slant- 
ing ends. Vega is the most brilliant sum- 
mer star that we see in the Northern 
Hemisphere. It is a very large sun, giving 
out fifty times as much light as our sun; it 
is so far away that it requires twenty-six 
years for a ray of light to reach us from it. 
Vega's chief interest for us, aside from its 
beauty, is that toward it our sun and all its 
planets, including our earth, are moving at 
the rate of thirteen miles per second. 

ANTARES (an-ta'rees) 

Add to the last diagram on the black- 
board the line E (Fig. p. 830 ), to Arcturus, 
the line B, and An tares. To find this star, 
draw a line half way between Arcturus and 
Vega from the Polestar straight across the 
sky to the south, and just above the south- 
ern horizon it will point to the glowing 
star, Antares, in the constellation of the 
Scorpion. Also a line drawn at right angles 
to the line connecting Altair with its com- 
panions and extending toward the south 
will reach Antares. Late June and July 




Antares, a brilliant star in the southern skies 

about ten o'clock in the evening is the 
best for viewing this beautiful star. An in- 
teresting thing about Antares is that it is 
the greatest of the young giant stars yet 
measured; it has a diameter of 400,000,000 
miles. 

DENEB OR ARIDED (den'eb; a'ri-ded) 
Erase from the last diagram Antares and 
the line B. Add to it the lines, C and D 
making a right angle at Deneb, and the 



THE SKIES 



Cross the head of which is Deneb, the 
foot ending near the letter on line L. 
This star is at the head of the Northern 
Cross, which is a very shaky looking cross 
and appears in the eastern skies during the 
evenings of June and July, with its upright 
arm nearly horizontal as seen in a middle 
northern latitude. Deneb is white in color 



833 




The Northern Cross, in the constellation of 
the Swan 

and is a very large sun, because it seems 
to us a bright star although it is so far away 
from us that the distance has never been 
surely measured; but it has been estimated 
that a ray of light would need at least six 
hundred years to reach us from Deneb. It 
and the cross are a part of the constellation 
of Cygnus, or the Swan. 

ALTAIR (al'ta-ir) 

Add to the last diagram on the board 
the lines L, K, Altair and its two attendant 
stars, and the Dolphin. Emphasize the 
fact that Altair marks the constellation of 
Aquila, or the Eagle. This beautiful star 
is easily distinguished because of the small 
star on either side, all three being in a line. 



The three belong to a constellation called 
the Eagle, and may be seen in early eve- 
ning from June to December. Altair, 




Altair in the constellation of the Eagle 

Deneb, and Vega form a triangle with the 
most acute angle at Altair. (See diagr. L, 
K.) Just northeast of Altair is a little 
diamond-shaped cluster of stars called the 
Dolphin, which is a good name for it, since 
it looks like a Dolphin, the fifth star form- 
ing the tail. It is also called Job's Coffin, 
but the reason for this is uncertain, un- 
less Job's trials extended to a coffin which 
could not possibly fit him. If the line C 
on the chart drawn from the Polestar to 




The Dolphin or Job's Coffin 

Deneb be extended, it will touch the Dol- 
phin. Altair is always low in the sky; it is 
a great sun giving off nearly ten times as 
much light as our own sun; light reaches 
us from it in fifteen years. 



THE SUN 



If, only once in a century, there came 
to us from our great sun light and heat 
bringing the power to awaken dormant 
life, to lift the plant from the seed and 
clothe the earth with verdure, then it 
would indeed be a miracle. But the sun by 
shining every day cheapens its miracles in 
the eyes of the thoughtless. While it 
hardly comes within the province of the 



nature-study teacher to make a careful 
study of the sun, yet she may surely stimu- 
late in her pupils a desire to know some- 
thing of this great luminous center of our 
system. 

Our sun is a great shining globe about 
one hundred and ten times as thick 
through as the earth, and more than a 
million times as large. If we look at the 



EARTH AND SKY 



sun in a clear sky, it is so brilliant that it 
hurts our eyes. Thus, it is better to look 
at it through a smoked glass, or when the 
atmosphere is very hazy. If we should see 
the sun through a telescope, we should 
find that its surface is not one great glare 
of light but is mottled, looking like a plate 
of rice soup, and at times there are dark 
spots to be seen upon its surface. Some 
of these spots are so large that during very 
" smoky weather " we can see them with 
the naked eye. In September, 1908, a sun- 
spot was plainly visible; it was fifty thou- 
sand miles across, and our whole world 
could have been dropped into it with 
twelve thousand miles to spare all around 
it. We do not know the cause of these 
sunspots, but we know they appear in 
greater numbers in certain regions of 
the sun, above and below the equator. 
And since each sunspot retains its place 
on the surface of the sun, just as a hole 
dug in the surface of our earth would re- 
tain its place, we have been able to tell 
by the apparent movement of these spots 
how rapidly and in which direction the 
sun is turning on its axis; it revolves once 
in about twenty-six days and, since the 
sun is so much larger than our earth, a 
spot on the equator travels at a rate of 
more than a mile a second. There is a 
queer thing about the outside surface of 
the sun the equator rotates more rapidly 
that the parts lying nearer the poles; this 
shows that the sun is a gaseous or liquid 
body, for if it were solid, like our earth, 
all its parts would have to rotate at the 
same rate. At periods of eleven years the 
greatest number of spots appear upon 
the sun. 

Another interesting feature of the sun 
is the tremendous explosions of hydrogen 
gas mixed with the vapors of calcium and 
magnesium, which shoot out flames from 
twenty-five thousand to three hundred 
thousand miles high, at a rate of speed 
two hundred times as swift as a rifle bul- 
let travels. Think what fireworks one 
might see from the sun's surface all the 
time! These great, explosive flames can 
be seen by the telescope when the moon 
eclipses the sun, and may be seen with the 



aid of a spectroscope at any time. Besides 
these magnificent explosions, there is sur- 
rounding the sun a glow which is brighter 
near the sun's surface and paler at the 
edges; it is a magnificent solar halo, some 
of its streamers being millions of miles 
long. This halo is called the Corona, and 
is visible only during total eclipses. By 
means of the spectroscope we know that 
there are about seventy chemical ele- 
ments in the sun, which are the same as 
those we find upon our earth. The ele- 
ment helium which gets its name from 
Helios, the sun, was discovered in the 
sun by means of the spectroscope before it 
was isolated on the earth. 

The sun weighs 330,000 times as much 
as the earth; the force of gravity upon its 
surface is twenty-seven and two-thirds 
times as much as it is here. A letter which 
weighs an ounce here would weigh almost 
a pound and three-quarters on the sun; 
and a man of ordinary size in this world 
would weigh more than two tons there, 
and would be crushed to death by his 
own weight. Find how much your watch, 
your book, your pencil, your baseball, and 
your football would weigh on the sun. 

SUGGESTED READING Elementary Sci- 
ence by Grades, by Ellis C. Persing and 
John A. Hollinger, Book 6; Nature and 
Science Readers, by Edith M. Patch 
and Harrison E. Howe, Book 6, The Wort 
of Scientists, and Book 3, Surprises; Ro- 
mance of the Sun, by Mary Proctor; The 
Sun, by Charles G. Abbot; also, readings 
on page 817. 

OUR SUN AND ITS FAMILY 

THE SOLAR SYSTEM 
First of all we shall have to acknowledge 
that our great, blazing sun is simply a 
medium-sized star, not nearly so large as 
Vega nor even so large as the Polestar; 
but it happens to be our own particular 
star and so is of the greatest importance 
to us. The sun has several other worlds, 
more or less like our own, called planets; 
these planets revolve around the sun on 
almost the same level or plane in which 
our world revolves, but some of these 
worlds are much nearer the sun and others 



THE SKIES 



335 



are much farther away than ours. See the 
diagram showing the orbits of planets, 
below, and page 836. 

One peculiar thing about all the planets 
of the sun's family and all their moons is 
that they shine by reflecting the light of 
the sun, and none of them is hot enough 
to give off light independently; but these 
sister worlds of ours are so near us that 
they often seem larger and brighter than 
the stars which are true suns arid give off 
much more light than our own sun. After 
a little experience the young astronomer 
learns to distinguish the planets from the 
true stars: the planets always closely fol- 
low the path of the sun and the moon 
through the sky; they often seem larger 
and brighter than the true stars and do not 
twinkle so much. The so-called morning 
and evening stars are planets of our sun's 
family and are not stars at all. 

To determine which planets are morn- 
ing or evening stars at a given time con- 
sult an almanac for the current year, or 
such a publication as The Monthly Eve- 
ning Sky Map. 

The planets in order of their relative 
distance from the sun are Mercury, Venus, 
Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, 
Neptune, and Pluto. 

The planet nearest the sun is Mercury; 
it was so named by the ancients because 
it travels very rapidly about the sun, and 
the god Mercury was very fleet-footed be- 
cause of his winged slippers. It makes a 
circle about the sun in eighty-eight days; 
that means its year is eighty-eight days 
long. The amount of heat it receives is 
four and three-fifths to ten and one-fourth 
times greater than the amount received 
per unit area outside of the earth's atmos- 
phere. Because Mercury follows the sun 
so closely, it is very difficult to observe; 
but it is possible to see it sometimes, quite 
near the horizon, as a morning or evening 
star. 

Venus is the next planet in order of 
distance from the sun, and is called the 
twin sister of the earth; it is a little 
smaller than the earth, but has about the 
same amount of atmosphere, of a different 
composition. Venus is, to earth dwellers, 



the most brilliant object in the sky, with 
the exception of the sun and moon. It re- 
ceives about twice as much heat and light 
from the sun as does the earth. The silvery 
light from Venus is so strong that on 
moonless nights it often casts shadows. 
Sirius, the brightest star in the sky, is only 
about one-twelfth as bright as Venus is at 
its brightest. This planet makes a circuit 
about the sun in a period of 225 days. 

Our earth, with its year of 365 J4 days, 
comes next. If we could view Earth from 
some other nearby planet, it too would 
shine by reflected light from the sun. If 
the earth and moon could be seen from 
Venus, when Venus and the earth are 
nearest each other, the moon would ap- 
pear as bright as Venus at its best, and 




Astronomic*! t/*it 

S. L. Boothroyd 

The orbits of the Inner Planets. Note that 
each planet has an orbit which is not circular 
but is very nearly so 

earth would be about eighty times as bril- 
liant. 

Mars is next in relative distance from 
the sun, but is so much farther from the 
sun that it receives only about one-half as 
much heat and light as does the earth, per 
unit of area outside of the earth's atmos- 
phere. Polar caps may be seen on Mars, 
similar to those around our North and 
South Poles. A year on Mars is equal to 
687 of our days or 669 % of its own. While 
Mercury and Venus have no satellites 
and the earth has only one, Mars has 



8 3 6 



EARTH AND SKY 



two; these satellites are named Phobos 
and Deiinos. They are quite small; Pho- 
bos has a diameter of seven miles, and 
goes around Mars every seven hours, while 
Deiinos has a diameter of sixteen miles 
and circles Mars every thirty hours. The 
diameter of our moon is 2163 miles, and 
it circles the earth every twenty-seven and 
one-third days. If you were on Mars, you 
would see Phobos rise in the west and set 
in the east, while Deiinos would rise in 
the east and set in the west. 

Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars as a 
group are relatively near the sun. Since 







S. L. Boothroyd 

The Outer Planets and their orbits. The 
orbits of these planets also are not circular 
but are nearly so 

they are nearer the sun than other planets, 
they are called the Inner Planets. Be- 
cause they are not greatly different in size 
from the earth and have earthlike sur- 
faces they are also called Terrestrial 
Planets. 

The remaining planets are larger than 
the ones just discussed, and as a group 
they are called the Major Planets. They 
are much farther from the sun and for 
that reason they are often called the Outer 
Planets. In contrast to the Terrestrial 
Planets, all except Pluto have immensely 
deep, cloudy atmospheres, and so we see 



only the outer layer of clouds, hundreds of 
miles deep, which completely hide their 
surfaces. 

Beyond the Terrestrial Planets, there 
is a tremendous space in our solar system; 
in this space are to be found several hun- 
dred smaller bodies, called planetoids or 
asteroids. The next planet is Jupiter, 
found at a great distance from Mars. Ju- 
piter is the largest of all the planets; its di- 
ameter is eleven times and its volume 
thirteen hundred times those of the earth. 
In reality, it is larger in mass and volume 
than all the other eight planets put to- 
gether. About twelve years are required 
for the journey of Jupiter around the sun. 
The atmosphere of Jupiter seems very 
dense with vapors of ammonia and me- 
thane. Jupiter has eleven satellites, and 
three of them go around the planet in the 
opposite direction from the other eight 
satellites, which go around him from 
west to east as does our moon about the 
earth. 

Saturn is located at a point nine and 
one-half times the earth's distance from 
the sun, and requires about twenty-nine 
and one-half years to go around the sun. 
This is the last planet that can be easily 
seen with the naked eye, and it appears 
about as bright as Arcturus; it has a defi- 
nite orange tinge. This planet is sur- 
rounded by nine satellites and by multi- 
tudes of tiny particles which revolve in 
circular orbits, and are so numerous that 
seen from the earth they appear like flat 
rings encircling the planet. With even a 
small telescope the rings are quite evident, 
except when presented edgewise or nearly 
so. 

Soon after Uranus had been discovered, 
the astronomers calculated its orbit and 
thereby found where it should be from 
day to day; but the planet did not behave 
as they thought it should. The astrono- 
mers decided there was a far-distant body 
pulling the planet Uranus from its com- 
puted orbit; they undertook to calculate 
the position of the body that must be 
causing the disturbance, and in 1846 two 
different men, working independently, 
discovered a new planet, Neptune, in 



the position calculated. Neptune requires 
nearly 165 years to complete a journey 
around the sun. One satellite, similar in 
size to our moon ? accompanies Neptune 
on its long journey. 

Even after Neptune had been discov- 
ered, Uranus still failed to follow the new 
orbit computed for it. A long series of 
computations followed, and in 1930 a new 
planet was located near the position pre- 
dicted from the remaining discrepancies 
in Uranus' orbit. The name Pluto, sug- 
gested by a child in England, has been 
given to this planet. Its trip around the 
sun has been calculated to require about 
248 years; it is about forty times as far 
from the sun as is the earth, and is quite 
likely one of several planets that may ex- 
ist in the remote portions of the solar 
system. Careful photographic search, 
among the millions of faint stars, may 
reveal more distant planets in the future. 
Powerful spectrographs, aided by the light 
grasp of some of the great reflectors now 
or soon to be available, may reveal new 
and interesting wonders about the sun 
and his attendant planets. 

Dr. Simon Newcomb in his delightful 
book, Astronomy for Everybody, gives the 
best illustration to make us understand 
the place of our sun and its planets and 
its relation to the stars in space. He ex- 
plains that if here in the Atlantic States 
we should make a model of our solar sys- 
tem by putting an apple of four and one- 
half inches diameter down in a field to 
represent the sun, our earth could be 
represented by a mustard seed forty feet 
away revolving around the apple; and 
Neptune could be represented as a small 
pea circling around the apple at the dis- 
tance of a quarter of a mile. Now that a 
planet more distant than Neptune has 
been discovered, the size of our solar 
system has been definitely increased and 
we shall need to consider Pluto in con- 
structing our model. Pluto is forty times 
farther away from the sun than is the 
earth; so we shall need to represent Pluto 
by an object placed at a point 1600 feet 
from the apple which we have used to 
represent the sun. But to find the star 



THE SKIES 837 

nearest to our earth, the star that is only 
four and one-half light-years away from 
us, we should have to travel from this 
field across the whole of North America 
to California, and then take steamer and 
go out into the Pacific Ocean before we 
should reach our nearest star neighbor, 
which would be another sun like our own 
represented by a pair of apples. 

A HAPPY FAMILY 

The Sun, a great father, is hanging in 

space 

With his children all playing around? 
And each child is careful to play as it 

should, 
Without commotion or sound. 

Little Mercury stays near his father's side 
And hangs on his every smile, 

While he lidcs up his tiny impertinent 

heels 
And speeds over mile after mile. 

Next to Mercury the beauteous one, 

Venus, her father's delight, 
Unrivaled reigns, without sceptre or 
crown, 

The glorious queen of the night. 

And Venus's twin, our own Mother Earth, 

Though not considered so fair, 
Must be great to observe on a clear night 

in June, 

With the moonbeams astream through 
her hair. 

Then next to the Earth comes little red 

Mars 

With Deimos and Phobos at hand, 
They swing into place and scamper 

around 
Within the Zodiac band. 

After Mars comes Jupiter, largest of all; 

His father looks at him with pride; 
And with the big giant his ten satellites 

Come tripping in side by side. 

Then Saturn rolls in his three pretty rings 
While around him nine moons swarm; 

He's next to his brother Jupiter in size 
And his sister Venus in charm. 



838 EARTH AND SKY 

And out beyond Saturn are still other 
twins, 

Uranus and Neptune, so far 
That to either of them, astronomers say 

Their father loolcs like a big star. 



And Pluto finally comes out into view 7 

After aeons of hiding away; 
Although he is quiet, secretive, and shy, 

He merrily joins in the play. 



But the Sun and his family will all stay in 

place 

Right on to the end of time; 
Nor does it disturb them one tittle or jot 
This spinning them into a rhyme. 
"MONTHLY EVENING SKY MAP/' 
NANCY L. MOOREFIELD 
(April 1937) 



COMETS AND METEORS 



COMETS 

Besides planets and stars there are in 
space other bodies moving around our 
great star, the sun, and following paths 
shaped quite differently from those fol- 
lowed by our earth and i^3 sister planets. 
We move around the sun nearly in a circle 
with the sun at the center, but these other 




Lick Observatory 

Halley's Comet, May 6, 1910. This photo- 
graph was taken in Chile 

heavenly bodies move in narrow oval or- 
bits, the sun being near one end of the 
ellipse and the other end being much far- 
ther out in space ? in some cases beyond 
our farthest planet. These bodies do not 
revolve around the sun in the same plane 
as our world and the other planets; indeed 
they often move in quite the opposite di- 
rection. The most noticeable of these bod- 
ies whose race-track around the sun is long 
instead of circular are the comets, and we 
know that some of these almost brush the 
sun when turning at the sunward end of 
their course. The astronomers have been 
able to measure the length of the race- 
tracks of some of the comets and thus tell 
when they will come back. Encke's comet, 
named after the German astronomer, 
makes its course in three and one-half 



years and this is the shortest period of 
any we know. When nearest the sun, it is 
just within the orbit of Mercury, and 
when farthest, it is about one hundred and 
ten million miles nearer the sun than 
Jupiter. 

There are about five hundred comets 
whose courses have been thus determined; 
the longest accurately known period be- 
longs to Halley's comet, which makes such 
a long trip that it comes back only once 
in seventy-six years; but there are other 
comets which travel such long routes that 
they come back only once in hundreds or 
even thousands of years. About twelve 
hundred comets have been discovered, 
many of them so small that they can only 
be seen with the aid of the telescope; and 
it has been found that in one instance, at 
least, three comets are racing around the 
sun on the same track. 

A comet is a beautiful object, usually 
having a head which is a point of brilliant 
light and a long, flaring tail of fainter light, 
which always extends out from it on the 
side opposite the sun. The head of a 
comet must be nearly twice as thick 
through as the earth in order to be large 
enough for our telescopes to discover it. 
Some of the comet heads have been meas- 
ured; one was thirty-one times, and an- 
other one hundred and fifty times as wide 
as our earth. If the heads are this large, 
imagine how long the tails must be! 
Some of them are far longer than the 
distance from our earth to the sun. The 
comet head decreases as it approaches 
the sun. The head of a comet is supposed 



THE SKIES 



839 



to be a swarm of meteors with some gas, 
glowing by the reflected light of the sun. 
When in the end of the orbit near the 
sun, the gas which the comet contains 
absorbs the energy of the ultraviolet radi- 
ation of the sun and re-emits it as visible 
light; thus at such times the comet ap- 
pears to be partly self-luminous. In fact, 
this gas has so little weight that light can 
push it; one would never believe that light 
could push anything, because we cannot 
feel it strike against us; but the physicists 
have found that it does push, and by push- 
ing against the particles of the gas of com- 
ets it sends them streaming away from the 
sun, just as the heat appears to push out 
a flaring cloud of steam from the spout of 
a teakettle. 

Comets have played an important part 
in history; they were formerly considered 
signs of the approval or wrath of God. The 
return of Halley's Comet appearing in 
1066 struck terror to the Saxons and pre- 
saged the Norman conquest of England. 
The comet of 181 1 was thought to warn us 
of the war of 1812 and Napoleon of his 
coming defeat. This was a wonderful 
comet illuminating our skies for a year 
and a half; its rosy head was veiled in a 
gaseous sphere, which with the head was 
larger than the sun. Some comets, which 
have failed to appear when expected, have 
their orbits marked by swarms of meteors. 

SUGGESTED READING Romance of the 
Comets, by Mary Proctor; also, readings 
on page 817. 

SHOOTING STARS 

When we look up during an evening 
walk and see a star falling through space, 
sometimes leaving a track of light behind 
it, we wonder which of the beautiful stars 
of heaven has fallen. But astronomers tell 
us that these so-called shooting stars are 
small pieces of solid material which are 
traveling around the sun in an orbit that 
intersects the orbit of the earth. Arriving 
at the point of intersection of the orbits, 
when the earth is there, they hit the upper 
atmosphere and become luminous. The 
flash of light, which we call the shooting 



star, is due to the heat resulting from the 
impact, just as a bullet melts when it hits 
a big rock. The difference between the 
small dust particle, which in reality is a 
meteor, and the bullet striking a big rock, 
is that the meteor strikes a lot of air mole- 
cules; one after another, the molecules 
become luminous by the impacts. The 
molecules of air become luminous along 
the path traveled by the meteor through 
a distance of some thirty to sixty miles 
through the rare upper atmosphere of the 
earth. For some time after the bright 
flash of light has vanished, one sees the 
numerous particles of the meteor left be- 
hind, and also the glowing air molecules 
which cause the luminous train as they 
persist in the path of a bright shooting 
star. 

Meteorites sometimes weigh hundreds 
of pounds; one in the Yale Museum 
weighs 1,635 pounds. If it were not for the 
air, which wraps our globe like a great 
kindly blanket, and by its friction heats 
the meteors and reduces them to micro- 
scopic dust particles, no one could live on 
this earth; the meteors would pelt us to 
death. It is reliably estimated that during 
every twenty-four hours our world meets 
hundreds of millions of these meteors; 
some of them are no larger than fine shot 
and others weigh a few ounces. Occa- 
sionally meteorites which weigh from a 
few pounds to many tons do reach the 
earth. The origin of these is not certainly 
known; but some may be the larger parti- 
cles which make up the nucleus of small 
comets. Others almost certainly come to 
earth from interstellar space. 

THE RELATION BETWEEN COMETS 
AND METEORS 

Before we see the meteor as a shooting 
star, it is traveling around the sun in an 
orbit which intersected the orbit of the 
earth. It is very interesting to know that 
many meteors travel in swarms made up 
of a scattered assemblage of particles of 
matter; this matter once formed part of 
the head of a comet. Whenever the orbit 
of a comet intersects or comes very near 



840 



EARTH AND SKY 



the orbit of the earth, we get a shower of 
meteors if we are in that part of our orbit 
which is near the orbit of the comet. For 
instance, on May sixth the earth passes 
near the orbit of Halleys comet; we always 
get many meteors near that date whose 
paths seem to radiate from a point near 
the star Eta Aquarii. These meteors are 
known as Eta Aquarids. 

In the same way the orbit of Turtle's 
comet of 1862 intersects the orbit of the 
earth near the point where our planet 
is on about August 10. Since much of 
the original material of this comet is 
widely dispersed around its orbit, we get 
meteors of this swarm from about July 
12 to September i of each year. As 
the paths of these shooting stars seem 
to radiate from a point in the constellation 
Perseus, they are called Perseid Meteors. 
The orbits of these meteors lie in a plane 
nearly at right angles to the earth's orbit 
plane. It is a very elongated orbit; at its 
farthest point from the sun it reaches 
nearly to the orbit of Pluto. Turtle's 
comet and its associated meteors take 123 
years to complete one circuit of the orbit. 
This is an unusually good meteor shower 
to observe, because the meteors are fairly 
abundant every year; many of them are 
bright enough to be seen even in the pres- 
ence of the full moon, and besides this 
the August nights are comfortable nights 
for outdoor observations. 

The most notable meteor shower is un- 
doubtedly the Leonid shower; the paths of 
these meteors seem to come from a point 
near the curve of the Sickle, in the con- 
stellation Leo. These meteors are associ- 
ated with Temple's comet of 1866; its or- 
bit crosses the orbit of the earth at the 
place where we are about November 14. 
As the main meteor swarm is very com- 
pact, some spectacular meteor showers 
often occur when the earth encounters 
the main swarm, every thirty-three years. 



Some Leonid meteors are seen every year, 
near the middle of November. Some spec- 
tacular showers of Leonids occurred in 
1799, 1833, and 1866, when meteors were 
counted by several observers, each watch- 
ing small areas of the sky, at rates as high 
as 300,000 per hour. Historical records of 
spectacular showers of these meteors can 
be traced in Chinese annals, almost to 
New Testament times. 

We are now nearly certain that all me- 
teors whose paths as shooting stars seem 
to radiate from a small area on the sky 
were traveling in elliptical orbits about the 
sun, and hence were members of the solar 
system even before becoming a part of 
the earth. Such meteor showers take their 
names from the star or constellation in the 
area from which they seem to radiate. 

There are, however, many meteors ap- 
pearing all the time whose paths have no 
radiant, or central point of origin; recent 
observations indicate that all of these 
come to us from interstellar space. They 
are continually streaming through the 
solar system along hyperbolic orbits; those 
whose orbits intersect the orbit of the 
earth and arrive at the point of intersec- 
tion when the earth is there, produce the 
flash of light we see as a shooting star. 
They thereby lose their identity as inde- 
pendent bodies and become a part of the 
earth. Judging by the number of meteors 
that strike the earth yearly, the number 
streaming through the solar system must 
run into millions of millions daily. 

We thus learn from observation and 
the study of meteors that interstellar space 
is far from being completely devoid of 
matter. Occasionally one of these pieces 
of matter is so large that it is not com- 
pletely disintegrated in its passage through 
our atmosphere, and solid pieces of it fall 
on the surface of the earth. Such an event 
is called a fall of meteorites and the pieces 
which fall are called meteorites. 



THE SKIES 



THE RELATION BETWEEN THE TROPIC OF CANCER AND 
THE PLANTING OF THE GARDEN 

BY JOHN W. SPENCER 



In years gone by, many farmers had a 
favorite phase of the moon when they 
planted certain crops, usually spoken of 
as the "dark" or the "light" of the 
moon. I once knew a woman who picked 
her geese by the " sign of the moon/ 7 Hogs 
were butchered in the "light" of the 
moon, and then the pork would-not " fry 
away " so much in the skillet. It is true 
some pork from some hogs wastes faster 
than that of others, but the difference is 
due to the kind of food given the hogs. 
Many farmers hold to those old supersti- 
tions yet, but the number is much less 
now than twenty-five years ago. I wish I 
might impress on you young agriculturists 
that the moon has no influence on plant 
life, or pork, or geese, but the position of 
the sun most decidedly has. We have 
some plants that had best be planted when 
the sun's rays strike the State of New York 
slantingly, which means in early spring or 
late fall. We have other plants that should 
not be put in the open ground until the 
rays of the sun strike the state more direct 
blows, which means the hotter weather of 
summer. If I were in close touch with you 
pupils, I should be glad to tell some things 
that happen to three young friends of 
mine, hoping that thereby my statement 
might give the boys and girls an interest 
in three geographical lines concerning the 
tropics, and lead them to find their loca- 
tion on the map, particularly when later 
they learn what happens to my three 
young friends. There is one in Quito, 
Ecuador, of whom we will speak as Equa- 
tor Shem; the one on the Island of Cuba 
is named Tropic of Cancer Ham; and the 
other in Sao Paulo, Brazil, answers to the 
name of Tropic of Capricorn Japhet. 

What happens to these three boys, 
Shem, Ham, and Japhet, is this. At cer- 
tain times of the year they have no shadow 
when they go home for dinner at noon. 



This state of affairs is no fault of theirs. 
It is not because they are too thin to make 
shadows. It is due to the position of the 
sun. If the boys should look for that lumi- 
nary at noon, they would find it as directly 
over their heads as a plumb line. It is a 
case of direct or straight blows from rays 
of the sun, and, oh, how hot hotter than 
any Fourth of July the oldest inhabitant 
can remember! These three boys are not 
hit squarely on the head on one and the 
same day. Each is hit three months after 
the other. The first boy to be hit this year 
in the above manner will be Equator 
Shem. The time will be during the last 
half of March. Can any of my young 
friends in this grade tell me the exact day 
of March that Equator Shem has no 
shadow? If no one of you can answer that 
question at this time, you had best talk 
it over with your friends, and bring your 
answers tomorrow. It happens at a time 
when our days and nights are of about 
equal length. 

Another thing about this particular day 
is that our almanacs call it the first day of 
spring. All because no boy or anything else 
has a shadow on the equator at noon time. 
People and bluebirds and robins in the 
State of New York will see squalls of 
snow about that time, and there will be 
some freezing nights. But after the first 
day of spring the cold storms do not last 
so long as during December, January, and 
early February, when the sun's rays hit us 
with very glancing blows. Watch to see 
how much faster the sun melts the snow 
on the last days of March than it did at 
Christmas time. The light is also stronger 
and brighter, and plants in greenhouses 
and our homes have more life, and are not 
so shiftless, so to speak. Even the hens 
feel the influence, for they begin to lay 
more eggs and cackle, and down goes the 
price of eggs. Do not forget to learn what 



842 EARTH AND SKY 

day in March spring begins, when the year, and with no price of admission at 

Equator boy finds it so hot that he would that. 

like to take off his flesh, and sit in his For only one day do the sun's rays fall 
bones. After a few days, Equator Shem directly on top of the head of Tropic of 
will find he again has a shadow at noon Cancer Ham, who lives on the Island of 
a short one it is true, but it will get Cuba just for one day, after which the 
longer and longer each day. Now his up and down rays travel back towards the 
shadow will be on the south side of him. Equator Shem. On the twenty-third of 
Is this a queer thing to happen? On which September Shem again has no shadow at 
side of you is your noontime shadow? I noon, and the almanac makers say that 
will give every one of you a red apple that is the last day of summer, and tomorrow 
finds it anywhere but on the north side will be the first day of autumn. Again it is 
of him at twelve o'clock. Every time the very hot where Shem lives, but the alli- 
sun shines at noon, watch to find your gators and monkeys and the parrots do not 
old uncle in the wrong, and thereby get seem to mind it. Where do the up and 
the apple. Each day that the shadow of down rays of the sun go next? They keep 
Equator Shem becomes longer and longer, going south, hunting for the boy named 
the noonday shadow of Tropic of Cancer Tropic of Capricorn Japhet, to warm him 
Ham, living on the Island of Cuba, will up, as was the case with the boys in Cuba 
be getting shorter and shorter, until at and at the Equator. The up and down rays 
last there comes a day during the last of do not find the top of the head of the lad 
June when he, too, will have no shadow, in the City of Sao Paulo, Brazil, until the 
and the almanac says that that day is the last part of December, just three days be- 
beginning of summer. fore Christmas, and then the almanac says 
Now it will be the turn of the Tropic this is the beginning of winter, and the 
of Cancer Ham, on the Island of Cuba, shorter days of the year, when we in the 
to say the weather is hotter than two State of New York light the lamp at five 
Fourths of July beat into one, and he too o'clock in the afternoon. Now, my boys 
will wish that he could take off his flesh, and girls, do you understand why we have 
and sit in his bones. Everybody in the a change of seasons? Do you understand 
State of New York will say that the first that the sun changes his manner of pitch- 
summer day is the longest day of the year, ing his rays at us? That in winter, when 
It is on this day that Equator Shem will he is over the head of the Tropic of Capri- 
have as long a shadow as he ever had in corn Japhet in Sao Paulo, and making 
his life. No United States boy will ever summer on that part of the earth, to us 
be without a shadow at noon so long as he people in the north, in the State of New 
remains in his own country. When the York, he pitches only slanting rays that 
eight o'clock curfew bell says it is time for do not hit us hard, and have but little 
boys and girls to go to bed, it will yet be power? Thus you will see that the rays of 
light enough to read the papers. The sun the sun that strike the earth direct blows, 
not only sets late on that first summer day, swing back and forth like a pendulum, 
but it appears early next morning. What year after year, and century after century, 
a beautiful spectacle a sunrise in June is! coming north as far as Tropic of Cancer 
Men of wealth will pay thousands of dol- Shem, but no farther, and then swinging 
lars for pictures showing its glory, yet I south as far as the boy named Tropic of 
suppose that not one boy in five hun- Capricorn Japhet, and no farther, just 
dred ever saw the beauty of the birth stopping and swinging back again towards 
of a new day in the sixth month of the the north. 



THE SKIES 



843 



THE ECLIPTIC AND THE ZODIAC 

BY S. L. BOOTHROYD 



Long before man began to write his- 
tory, he noticed that the sun appeared to 
move all the way around the sky in a year. 
He noticed also that the yearly path 
among the stars was always the same. If 
the moon happened to be on the sun's 
path at the time of new moon, there was 
always an eclipse of the sun; and if the 
moon was on the same line at full moon 
there was always an eclipse of the moon. 
What was more natural than to call this 
line the Ecliptic? Since it was found by 
observation that the moon and the wan- 
dering stars which we now call planets, 
were always quite near this same line, it 
was perfectly natural that this band of the 
sky traversed by the sun, moon r and plan- 
ets should seem especially important to 
early man. This region of the sky, a band 
16 wide, 8 on either side of the Ecliptic, 
is called the Zodiac and the stars in it 
were, long ago, divided into twelve groups 
called constellations. 

These constellations, in order, around 
the Ecliptic are: Aries, the Ram; Taurus, 
the Bull; Gemini, the Twins; Cancer, the 
Crab; Leo, the Lion; Virgo, the Virgin; 
Libra, the Scales; Scorpio, the Scorpion; 
Sagittarius, the Archer; Capricornus, the 
Sea Goat; Aquarius, the Water Bearer; 
and Pisces, the Fishes. What a collection 
of zoological specimens this is! 

If one were to go from California to 
New York across the United States, he 
would pass through many states; as he left 
one state he would pass into the state to 
the east of the one he had just left. In the 
same way the sun in its annual eastward 
journey around the sky as he leaves one 
zodiacal constellation enters another. 

A little more than two thousand years 
ago, when these zodiacal constellations 
were adopted, substantially as they are 
known to us, the sun just as it crosses the 
Equator, going north on about March 21, 
was entering Aries. We still call this point 



the first of Aries, and Aries the first sign 
of the Zodiac; but due to an effect we call 
" precession of the equinoxes " this point 
is now in the constellation Pisces. 

At present, the sun is in the same con- 
stellation about a month later than it was 
when the zodiacal constellations were 
adopted; and furthermore, owing to slight 
changes in the boundaries of the constel- 
lations as we know them, the dates are not 
the same as given in the almanac. 

Referring to star maps, pages 818, 825, 
and 831, the line marked Ecliptic is the 
sun's apparent annual path around the 
sky. On the maps the approximate time 
when the sun is in each of the constella- 
tions along the Ecliptic is given. If de- 
sired, more accurate dates may be found 
in the following table. 

At present, the sun is in the given 
constellations during approximately the 
times indicated: 



1. Aries 

2. Taurus 

3. Gemini 

4. Cancer 

5. Leo 

6. Virgo 

7. Libra 

8. Scorpio and 
Ophiuchus 

9. Sagittarius 

10. Capricornus 

11. Aquarius 

12. Pisces 



It may be difficult for the pupils to learn 
to know all these constellations, as some of 
them are not very well marked; however, 
if they wish to learn them they can do so 
by the use of the planisphere. Some of 
the constellations of the Zodiac are 
marked by brilliant stars which have al- 
ready been learned. Regulus is the heart 
of Leo, the Lion; Spica which means 



April 18 


to May 14 


May 14 


" June 21 


June 21 


" July 20 


July 20 


99 Aug. 10 


Aug. 10 


77 Sept. 16 


Sept. 16 


" Oct. 31 


Oct. 31 


" Nov. 23 


Nov. 23 


" Dec. 18 


Dec. 18 


99 Jan. 19 


Jan. 19 


99 Feb. 16 


Feb. 16 


99 Mar. 12 


Mar. 12 


99 Apr. 18 



844 EARTH 

" ear " is the ear of wheat which the 
Virgin is holding in the constellation 
Virgo. Red Antares lies in the Scorpion; 
and the Milk Dipper, which is shaped 
like the Big Dipper, but smaller, marks 
Sagittarius. Red Aldebaran is the fiery 7 eye 
of Taurus, the Bull, while Gemini, or the 
Twins, are the most conspicuous of the 
stars high overhead in the evening skies 
of February and March. 

In almanacs one may see a table in- 
dicating the signs of the Zodiac; for a 
certain stated period the sun is said to 
be in a definite sign which corresponded 
to the region traversed by the sun at the 



AND SKY 

time these Zodiacal constellations were 
adopted. Each of the twelve Zodiacal con- 
stellations constitutes a sign. The times 
given in these signs are those that were 
used by the ancients. 

The following lines will aid one in be- 
coming familiar with the relative positions 
of the zodiac: 

The Ram, the Bull, the Heavenly Twins 
And next the Crab, the Lion shines, 
The Virgin and the Scales. 
The Scorpion, the Archer and He-goat, 
The Man that holds the Watering-pot, 
The Fish with glittering tails. 



THE SKY CLOCK 

BY S. L. BOOTHROYD 



Since the sky, to a northern observer, 
appears as a vast sphere which turns at a 
uniform rate about the line joining the ob- 
server's eye to Polaris it is evident that the 
turning of the sky may be used to meas- 
ure the passage of time. Of course, the stars 
appear as fixed points upon this sphere. 

Everywhere on the earth, north of 33 
north latitude, the five bright stars of Cas- 
siopeia and all the stars of the Big Dipper, 




S. L. Boothroyd 

A. sky clock which can be made from a piece of 
heavy firm paper 



except the two farthest from Polaris, are 
always above the observer's horizon. 

All the stars on the sky appear to move 
as though they were bright points on the 
surface of an immense sphere. To a per- 
son facing Polaris the sky seems to be ro- 
tating counterclockwise about the line 
joining his eye to Polaris. It rotates at 
such a rate that the line joining Polaris 
to any star appears to revolve through 360 
degrees in 23 hours 56 minutes and 4 
seconds. This is the rate of rotation of the 
earth on its axis. Since this apparent ro- 
tation of the sky about the line joining the 
observer's eye to Polaris takes place at a 
perfectly uniform rate, we may regard the 
sky about the North Star as the face of a 
great sky clock. 

It is most convenient to consider the 
hour hand of this sky clock as the line 
joining Polaris to the star Caph (caf ) in 
Cassiopeia. See the north circumpolar star 
map. The dial of this sky clock must be 
considered as a circle drawn around Polaris 
as a center, and the figures on the clock 
face go around the dial in the opposite 
direction from those on an ordinary clock. 
Also the clock has 24 divisions or hours on 
its face instead of 12. The o or 24 hour di- 
vision is straight above Polaris and the 12 



THE SKIES 



845 



hour division is straight below the same 
star. The left half of the dial is then num- 
bered from o (or 24) at the top to 12 at 
the lowest point straight below Polaris, 
and the right half of the dial is numbered 
from 12 at the lowest point to 24 (or o) 
at the top. 

One then imagines this dial printed on 
the sky, and to get the star time simply 
notes where the line from Polaris to Caph 
crosses the face of the dial. As an aid to 
observing the star time with fair accuracy, 
make a dial on a piece of stiff white bristol 
board, cut in a circle one foot across. Make 
a hole one-half inch in diameter at the 
center of the dial. Divide the circumfer- 
ence into 24 equal spaces and number the 
divisions, with black waterproof ink, from 
o to 23. Fasten a piece of black string 8 
inches long on a line from the center of 
the dial to a point about one inch above 
the center and fasten to the other end a 
bullet or a washer so the string will hang 
plumb when the dial is held up to the 
observer as he faces the Polestar. Hold 
the dial up so that Polaris can be seen 
through the hole in the center; then turn 
the dial around the line leading from the 
eye to Polaris until the plumb line falls di- 
rectly over the line from the center to the 
12 hour mark on the dial. At this mo- 
ment, note where the line from Polaris to 
Caph crosses the dial; the reading of the 
dial at this point is star time, called side- 
real time by the astronomer. This time is 
used also by sailors and others who often 
need to calculate time without the use 
of the customary timepieces. 

Suppose that on an August evening one 
has found (with the aid of the dial just 
described) the time to be 19 hours. The 
observer will now locate the line marked 

XIX on the equator of the Equatorial Star 
Map and the line marked XIX extending 
from the center to the boundary of the 
Circumpolar Star Chart. These lines in- 
dicate the line on the sky which at that 
moment passes from Polaris directly over- 
head to the south part of the horizon. 
Again, if the star time read on the dial is 
20 hours, then the line from Polaris to 

XX on the boundary of the Circumpolar 



Star Chart, and the line marked XX on 
the equator of the Equatorial Star Chart, 
are at that moment the line on the sky 
which passes from Polaris through the 
zenith to the south part of the horizon. 
It makes no difference what the day of 
the year happens to be; a person can, by 
using his dial, observe the star time and 
tell just what part of the sky as shown on 
the star map is on his celestial meridian, 
as the line from Polaris through his zenith 
to the south part of the horizon is called. 
The ability to get star time thus enables 
one to use his star maps more effectively 
as aids in learning to know the constella- 
tions and stars. 

We must bear in mind that the time 
we use is standard time. This time is the 
local mean time for a given meridian, usu- 
ally a meridian that is a multiple of 15 
degrees from Greenwich, England. The 
Eastern standard time is the mean time for 
the 75 meridian west of Greenwich. It is 
therefore 5 hours slower than Greenwich 
time. If a standard meridian were 75 de- 
grees east of Greenwich its time would be 
5 hours faster than that of Greenwich. 

Unless one lives exactly on the merid- 
ian that is the basis for the time that is 
used in his particular time belt, he is not 
using the exact time indicated by the 
position of the sun. He is using standard 
time and the time indicated by the mean 
sun is known as local mean solar time. It 
is easy to find the local mean solar time 
for any location after one has determined, 
by means of the sky clock, the star time. 
The following rule is used: 

Subtract from the star time observed, 
a number of hours which is twice the num- 
ber of months since March 23 and the 
remainder will be the number of hours 
since the observer's preceding local mean 
noon. If the observed star time is less 
than twice the number of months since 
March 23, add 24 hours to the observed 
time before subtracting. 

Following are examples to illustrate the 
use of the sky clock: 

i. Suppose that on the night of August 
18, at Ithaca, New York, the sky clock 
was read. The part of the sky between the 



8 4 6 



EARTH AND SKY 



lines marked XIX and XX on the star 
maps was on the celestial meridian and 
the star time was observed to be 19 hours 
and 40 minutes. 

August 18 is 4 months and 25 days after 
March 23, or 4 25/30 months. This num- 
ber of months multiplied by 2 equals 
92/3. 

This number expressed as hours and 
minutes equals 9 hours and 40 minutes 
and when this number is subtracted from 
the observed star time, 19 hours and 40 
minutes, the remainder is 10. This figure 
represents the number of hours since 
the observer's local mean noon, or 10 
P.M. by local mean solar time. 

2. Suppose on the night of January 27 
at Boston, Massachusetts, the sky clock 
was read, and the part of the sky between 
the lines marked VII and VIII on the sky 
maps was on the celestial meridian. The 
star time was observed to be 7 hours and 
20 minutes. 

January 27 is 10 months and 4 days 
after March 23 or 104/30 months after 
March 23. This number of months multi- 
plied by 2 equals 204/15. This number 
expressed as hours and minutes equals 20 
hours and 16 minutes. Since 20 hours and 
16 minutes is larger than the observed star 
time, 7 hours and 20 minutes, 24 hours 
must be added to 7 hours and 20 minutes 
making 31 hours and 20 minutes; 31 
hours and 20 minutes minus 20 hours and 
16 minutes equals 11 hours and 4 min- 
utes. Hence the observation was made 4 
minutes after 1 1 on the night of January 
27, local mean solar time. 

If the observer wishes to express this 
" local mean solar time " in the " standard 
time " for the belt in which he lives, one 
more step must be taken. It is necessary 
to determine the longitude of the place 
where the observations are being made. 
The longitude is expressed in degrees; it 
can be easily determined by use of a map. 



By consulting a map which shows the 
standard time belts, determine what me- 
ridian is used as the standard meridian of 
the time belt in which the observations 
are being made; next determine how far 
east or west of the standard meridian the 
observer is located. For each degree there 
will be a difference of 4 minutes of time; 
that is, if the observer is i degree east of 
the standard meridian, his local mean 
solar time will be 4 minutes faster than 
standard time. If he is i degree west of 
the standard meridian, his local mean 
solar time will be 4 minutes slower than 
standard time. Therefore, if local mean 
solar time has been found, the standard 
time can be easily found provided one 
knows the longitude of the place where 
the observations were made. Four minutes 
will be added to the standard time for 
each degree the observer is located east of 
the standard meridian; 4 minutes will be 
subtracted from standard time for each 
degree the observer is located west of 
the standard meridian. Thus, it will be 
seen that the local mean solar time 
will be faster than standard time if east 
of a standard meridian and slower than 
standard time if west of a standard me- 
ridian. 

Let us refer to the examples given on 
this and the preceding page; note that the 
reading of the sky clock in Example i was 
taken at Ithaca, New York. This town has 
a longitude of 1 1 A degrees west of the 75th 
meridian; it is in the Eastern standard 
time belt, whose standard meridian is 75 
degrees. Therefore, since Ithaca is 1 1 A de- 
grees west of the standard meridian, its 
local mean solar time would be 6 minutes 
slower than standard time. Boston, at 
which point the sky clock was read in 
Example 2, is at a point 4 degrees east 
of the 75th meridian; therefore its local 
mean solar time would be 16 minutes 
faster than standard time. 



THE SKIES 



847 



THE EQUATORIAL STAR FINDER 

BY S. L. BOOTHROYD 



The line marked Equator on the star 
maps is the line in which the plane of 
the earth's equator extended outward 
meets the sky. By means of a very sim- 
ple homemade device, which we call an 
equatorial star finder we can locate visible 
stars and the equator of the sky, or the 
Celestial Equator as it is called. 

DIRECTIONS FOR MAKING AND OPERATING 
THE EQUATORIAL STAR FINDER 

Cut pieces A, B, and C from a piece 
of plank 2 by 8 inches which has been 
planed and smoothed off on all sides; it 
should then be about j l / 2 inches wide and 
i / 8 inches thick. Pieces A and B are each 
about 2 feet long with the ends accurately 
squared. Piece C is cut square on one end 
and on a bevel on the other end, the face 
in contact with B being about 11 inches 
long and the upper face being about 9^2 
inches long. Pieces A and B are hinged 
together at one end so that their inner 
faces will be everywhere in contact when 
the hinges are closed. Block C is nailed 
or screwed to piece B, as shown in the 
illustration. A % inch hole is bored into 
C at right angles to its upper surface and 
extending to within l / 4 inch of the lower 
surface of piece B. The center of this hole 
must be 6 inches from the upper edge 
of the upper face of C and at the center 
of the face. The use of a press drill will 
insure the hole being at right angles to 
the face of C and will also prevent the 
hole being bored entirely through B. 

Into this hole is inserted the polar axis, 
F, of the star finder. This can be made 
from a piece of broom handle which is 
very straight, and can be filed or sand- 
papered to accurately fit the hole in C, 
so that it will not wobble when pushed to 
the bottom of the hole and yet will be free 
to turn on its axis without undue effort. 

Disc E is a circular piece of masonite, 
7/8 inches in diameter, in the center of 



which is bored a hole, % inch in diame- 
ter. The polar axis will just go through 
this hole and allow the disc to be turned 
on this axis, and yet be tight enough not 
to turn of its own accord. On the top 
face of disc E is glued a specially gradu- 




S, L. Boothroyd 



The equatorial star finder. See pp. 847-50 
jor instructions jor making and using it 

ated protractor on which are printed the 
positions of 40 bright stars as projected 
on the equator plane of the celestial 
sphere. This protractor sheet 1 is shown 
in the first illustration on page 848. When 
this protractor sheet is glued to the disc 
above mentioned, we shall call disc E the 
" hour disc " of the star finder. 

Flatten the upper 6 inches of one side 
of the polar axis, F, cutting a maximum 

1 The protractor and hour disc may be ob- 
tained from the Comstock Publishing Com- 
pany, Inc., Ithaca. New York for 10$. 



EARTH AND SKY 



depth of % inch from the round stick. 
G is another disc of masonite of the same 
size as disc E, 7% inches in diameter. G 
is nailed to the polar axis so that a di- 
ameter of the disc lies accurately along 




Hour disc, E 



S. L. Boothroyd 



the flattened face of the upper end of 
the polar axis, F. Now bore a l / 4 inch 
hole through the center of disc G and 
through the axis of the polar axis, F, 
and at right angles thereto. Glue to disc 
G the declination protractor shown in 
the illustration opposite. Be sure to 
glue this to disc G so that the arrow 
marked to visible pole points upward 
when the polar axis, F, is vertical. This 
disc, G, with its declination protractor 
glued to it will be called the " decimation 
disc/' 

Next, prepare the star pointer, H. Use 
a piece of wood % inch wide, Vs inch 
thick and 10 inches long; symmetrically 
point one end and bore a % inch hole 
three inches from the point and in the 
center of the piece. A % inch bolt 
through this and through the % inch 
hole bored through the declination disc, 
G, and the polar axis, F, will pivot this 
pointer, H, to the upper end of the polar 
axis, F, as shown in the illustration. Put 
washers under the head of the bolt, un- 
der the nut, and between the star pointer, 
H, and the declination disc, G. Screw the 
nut tight enough so that the star pointer, 



H, will remain in any position, and so that 
it is not too hard to turn. It is well to put a 
lock washer on to prevent the nut coming 
unscrewed. Insert screw eyes on the cen- 
ter line of this pointer, near its ends, and 
the pointer, F, is complete. 

Next, rotate the star pointer, H, on its 
axis until it points at o degrees on the 
declination disc, G. Then rotate the polar 
axis, F 7 until the star pointer is parallel to 
the long side of piece B, and is pointing 
away from the hinges. Now hold the polar 
axis, F, so that it will not turn on its axis 
and rotate the hour disc, E, until the o- 
hour-to-i2 hour line is parallel to the star 
pointer, H, with the o hour point under 
the point of the star pointer, H. Cut 
an arrow point, K, from a piece of dura- 
ble paper and glue it to a small piece of 
masonite to bring it on a level with the 
graduated face of the hour disc, E. Place 
the arrow point at the outer edge of the 
hour disc, E, with the point of the arrow 
at the end of the o hour line and pointing 
to the center of the hour disc, E. Next 
bore a hole in the polar axis, F, radially 
in from where the o hour line of the hour 
disc, E, meets the polar axis when all has 
been adjusted as has been explained. This 
hole should be a little smaller than a six- 

rf^ry^Jfefc 



^^ * 


"^ 


r * 


Q % 

5 


TO VISIBLE POLE 


v&gt; 



S. L. Boothroyd 

Declination disc, G 

penny finishing nail and should be about 
3 /s inch deep. A nail when inserted in 
this hole, with the instrument adjusted 
as directed, will be over the o hour line 
of the hour disc, E. It will be well to file 
off the head of the nail to a blunt point, 
after the nail has been snugly driven into 
the hole which was bored to receive it. 
We shall call the nail the right ascension 
pointer, L. 



THE SKIES 



849 



Lastly, prepare a piece of % inch thick 
board for piece D 7 in illustration page 847. 
The preparation of this is "best explained 
by showing a side view of it with all the 
necessary dimensions and angles given on 
the diagram below. 

The degrees in angle W should be equal 
to the latitude of the locality where the 
instrument is to be used. Angles Y and Z 

w 



OF YOUR 
LOCALITY 




Y 



The equatorial star finder, piece D 

are always 90. Angle X is equal to 180 
minus latitude of the locality where the 
instrument is to be used. Line ZY is always 
8 inches. Line XY may be made about 4 
inches; then the other lines are fully de- 
termined if the angles are laid out as 
specified. 

With piece A on a horizontal surface, 
rotate B about the hinges until D can be 
placed with side ZY in contact with the 
upper face of piece A and side WX in 
contact with the lower face of piece B. 
Piece D 7 when accurately constructed for 
latitudes between 30 and 90 7 will stay 
in place without anything but friction be- 
tween the surfaces to hold it in place. For 



latitudes below 30, piece D will need to 
be nailed or screwed into place. Piece D 
will be called the latitude board. 

The equatorial star finder is now ready 
to be put in the place where it is to be 
used for observation. It must be set on a 
level surface, at least 2% feet long and 
about i foot wide, with its long dimension 
north and south. The surface should be 
about as high as a table or perhaps a little 
higher. 

With a compass, if you know the com^ 
pass variation, or by means of the shadow 
of a vertical stick at apparent noon, mark 
a north and south line on the top of your 
table or slab. The line must be exactly 
north and south and the top of the table 
must be level if your star finder is to point 
accurately to the stars you wish to locate. 

Having everything ready, go out with 
the star finder and place the long side of 
piece A of the star finder on the north and 
south line of the level surface, and with 
the polar axis, F, pointing towards the visi- 
ble pole of the heavens. For an observer 
in the Northern Hemisphere, it will point 
at Polaris very nearly. You are now ready 
to use your star finder. Some star which 
you already know can be used as a helper 
to aid you in finding an unknown star. 
It is best, however, to select a helper that 
is located some distance from Polaris. 
Suppose you know the star Vega and wish 
to find the star Capella. Turn the polar 
axis, F, about its axis, and the star pointer, 
H, about its pivot until you can see Vega 
through the sight line determined by the 
center line of the two screw eyes in the 
star pointer, H. Now hold the polar axis, 
F, from turning and rotate the hour disc, 
E, until the star Vega shown on it is 
under the right ascension pointer, L. Now 
hold the hour disc, E, from turning and 
rotate the polar axis, F ? until the right 
ascension pointer is over the star, Capella. 
Note, on the hour disc, E, the declination 
of Capella, which is its angular distance 
from the celestial equator. Now move 
the point of the star pointer, H, over the 
protractor on disc G until it is on the 
degree mark corresponding to the declina- 
tion of Capella, as read off the hour disc, 



850 



EARTH AND SKY 



E, and the star pointer, H, will now be 
pointing at Capella, providing you have 
performed these operations promptly. 

By following the above procedure, one 
can point the star finder at any of the 
forty stars shown on the hour disc, E, of 
the instrument, whether the star is above 
or below the horizon. Of course, you can 
see only those stars which are above your 
horizon. Do not expect to find all the 
stars by one pointing on Vega, as in the 
example illustrated; but set on Vega, or 
some other known star each time, and ad- 
just the hour disc, E, as explained above, 
before setting on the star to be found. 

Another way to find an unknown star is 
to find the star time using the sky clock 
explained on page 844. Immediately after 
you have obtained the star time, rotate the 
hour disc, E, of the star finder until the 
reading on the hour disc which is under 
the time arrow, K, is the same as the star 
time. Now hold the hour disc, E, until the 
right ascension pointer, L, is over the star 
to be found. Read its declination from 
the hour disc, E ? adjust the star pointer, 
H 7 to this reading on its protractor, G, and 
the star pointer will point at the star in 
question. 

It should, from the above, be seen that 
one can use the star finder to obtain the 
star time. For example, suppose one 
knows where to find the star Vega. Ro- 
tate the polar axis and adjust the star 
pointer until Vega is seen along the star 
pointer. Now hold the polar axis and 
rotate the hour disc, E, until Vega is under 
the right ascension pointer, L. The star 
time is the reading on the hour disc op- 
posite the time arrow, K. To find other 
stars than those shown on the hour disc, 
consult the star maps on pages 818, 825, 
and 831 and find the right ascension and 
declination of each star. Then after ad- 
justing the hour disc, E, by one of the 
methods already explained, hold the 
hour disc, E, and rotate the polar axis, F, 
until the right ascension pointer, L, 
points to the right ascension of the star 
to be found. Then adjust the star pointer, 
H, until its pointer is over the declination 



of said star, and the star pointer will be 
pointed at the star to be identified. 

An ingenious boy will use the works of 
an old alarm clock to cause the hour disc 
to turn around at the proper rate, so that 
when once set with the time arrow at star 
time, it will continue to be so as long as 
the clock runs. One can then point at 
one star after another without first re- 
adjusting the hour disc. The clock keeps 
the hour disc, E, adjusted, when once set. 
People who are more deeply interested 
in the subject will make the whole ap- 
paratus a little heavier than indicated in 
the instructions given here. A small tele- 
scope can then be mounted on the star 
pointer; this makes possible the observa- 
tion of many objects that are not easily 
visible to the naked eye. 

To find planets, obtain, from some re- 
liable source, the right ascension and 
declination of the planet and follow the 
instructions for pointing at stars of known 
right ascension and declination. 

The hour disc, E, shown here is for 
use in the Northern Hemisphere. This 
disc, and also one that can be used in the 
Southern Hemisphere, may be secured 
from Comstock Publishing Company 
Inc., Ithaca, New York. 

The outer edge of the hour disc, E, 
represents the Celestial Equator. The fig- 
ures appearing near the outer edge of the 
disc indicate right ascension. For exam- 
ple, to find the right ascension of Vega, 
imagine a line drawn from the center of 
the disc through Vega until it intersects 
the graduated outer edge of the disc. The 
reading at this point in hours and min- 
utes is the right ascension of Vega. It is 
about 18 hours and 30 minutes. 

The concentric circles on the disc rep- 
resent the parallels of declination which 
are similar to parallels of latitude on the 
earth. To find the declination of Vega 
note that it lies between the parallels of 
declination of 30 and 40. The decima- 
tion being about 38%. Stars which are 
represented by circles (O) have north 
declination and those represented by 
crosses (+) have south declination. 



THE SKIES 



851 



THE RELATIONS OF THE SUN TO THE EARTH 

Whether we look or whether we listen, 
We hear life murmur or see it glisten. 

LOWELL 



All this murmuring and glistening life 
on our earth planet has its source in the 
great sun which swings through our skies 
daily, sending to us his messages of light 
and warmth messages that kindle life 
in the seed and perfect the existence of 
every living organism, whether it be the 
weed in the field or the king on his throne. 

At sunrise this heat which the sun 
sends out equally at all times of day and 
night is tempered when it reaches us, be- 
cause it passes obliquely through our at- 
mosphere-blanket, and thus traverses a 
greater distance in the cooling air. The 
same is true at sunset; but at noon, when 
the sun is most directly over our heads, its 
rays pass through the least possible dis- 
tance of the atmosphere-blanket and 
therefore lose less heat on the way. It is 
true that often about three o'clock in the 
afternoon is the hottest period of the day, 
but this is because the air-blanket has be- 
come thoroughly heated; it is still true 
that we receive the most heat directly 
from the sun at noon. 

The variations in the time of the rising 
and the setting of the sun may be made a 
most interesting investigation on the part 
of the pupils. They should keep a record 
for a month in the winter, and with this 
as a basis use the almanac to complete the 
lesson. Thus each one may learn for him- 
self which is the shortest and which the 
longest day of the year. There is a slight 
variation in different years; for a person in 
latitude 45 north the shortest day of 
the year when this lesson was written, as 
computed from a current almanac, was 
December 22; the day was eight hours 
and forty-six minutes long. The longest 
day of the year was June 22, and it 
was fifteen hours and thirty-seven min- 
utes in duration. On the longest day of 



the year the sun reaches its farthest point 
north and is, therefore, most nearly above 
us at midday. On the shortest day of the 
year, the sun reaches its farthest point 
south and is, therefore, farther from the 
point directly above us at midday than 
during any other day of the year. 




L. -.- 1 * 88 . - ys. ^ 

Adapted from T odd's New Astronomy 

Path of the sun across the sky of an ob- 
server in about latitude 40 degrees north, on 
June 22, on March 21 or September 23, and 
on December 22 

The movement of the sun north and 
south is an interesting subject for per- 
sonal investigation, as suggested in the 
lesson. Through quite involuntary obser- 
vation, I have become so accustomed to 
the arc traversed by the points of sunrise as 
seen from my home, that I can tell what 
month of the year it is by simply noting 
the place where the sun rises. When it 
first peeps at us over a certain pine tree 
far to the south, it is December; when it 
rises over the reservoir it is February or 
October; and when it rises over Beebe 
Lake it is July. Only at the equinox of 
spring and fall does it rise exactly in the 
east and set directly in the west. Equinox 
means equal nights, that is, the length of 
the night is equal to that of the day. 

Because of the vast weight of the sun, 



EARTH AND SKY 



the force of gravity upon its surface is so 
great that even if it were not for the 
white-hot fireworks so constantly active 
there, we could not live upon it, for our 
own weight would crush us to death. But 
this multiplying the weight of common 
objects by twenty-seven and two-thirds to 
find how* much they would weigh on the 
sun is an interesting diversion for the pu- 
pils, and incidentally teaches them how 
to weigh objects, and something about 
that mysterious force called gravity; and 
it is also an excellent lesson in fractions. 

LESSON 231 
THE RELATION OF THE SUN TO THE 

EARTH 

LEADING THOUGHT The sun, which is 
the source of all our light and heat and 
therefore of all life on our globe, travels a 
path that is higher across the sky in June 




A shadow stick 

than the path which it follows in Decem- 
ber, and hence we experience changes of 
seasons. The lesson should be given to the 
pupils of the upper grades and should be 
correlated with reading and arithmetic. 
OBSERVATIONS i. What does the sun 
do for us? 

2. At what time of the day after the 
sun rises do we get the least heat from 
it? At what hour of the day do we get the 
most heat from it? 

3. Is the sun equally hot all day? Why 
does it seem hotter to us at one time of 
the day than at another? 

4. At what hour does the sun rise 
and set on the first of the following 
months: February, March, April, May, 
and June? 

5. Which is the shortest day of the 
year, and how long is it? 

6. Which is the longest day of the 



year, and how many hours and minutes 
are there in it? 

7. On what day of the year is the sun 
nearest a point directly over our heads at 
midday? 

8. On which day of the year is the sun 
at midday farthest from the point directly 
above our heads? Explain why this is so. 

9. Standing in a certain place, mark by 
some building, tree, or other object just 
where the sun rises in the east and sets 
in the west on the first of February. Ob- 
serve the rising and setting of the sun 
from the same place on the first day of 
March and again on the first of April. 
Does it rise and set in the same place al- 
ways or does its place of rising and setting 
move northward or southward? 

10. Is the sun farthest south on the 
shortest day of the year? If so, is it farth- 
est north on the longest day of the year? 

11. At what time of the year does the 
sun rise due east and set due west? 

12. The sun is so much more massive 
than the earth that, in spite of its greater 
size, its force of gravity is twenty-seven 
and two-thirds times that of the earth. 
How much would your watch weigh if you 
were living on the sun? How much would 
you yourself weigh if you were there? 

13. EXPERIMENT. A SHADOW STICK 
Place a peg two or three inches high up- 
right in a level board and place the board 
lengthwise on a sill of a south window or 
where it will be in the sunlight, at least 
from 9 A.M. to 3 P.M. Mark the shadow 
cast by the peg at half-hour intervals dur- 
ing a sunny day and draw a line with pen- 
cil or chalk outlining the tip of the 
shadow of the stick. Make a similar out- 
line a month later, and again a month 
later and note whether the shadow traces 
the same line during each of these days 
of observation. Note especially the length 
of the shadow at noon, on March 21, June 
22, September 23, and December 22, or 
as near these dates as possible. 

A measurement that is even more exact 
than the one just described can be ob- 
tained by means of a gnomon pin placed 
in a board. (See List of Helpful Materials 
at the end of this Handbook.) 



THE SKIES 

Another excellent observation lesson for 
teaching the fact that the sun travels 
farther south in the winter, is to measure 
the shadow of a tree on the school grounds 
at noonday once a month during the 
school year. The length of the tree shadow 
can be measured from the base of the tree 
trunk, a memorandum being made of it. 

14. When does the stick or tree cast its 
longest shadow at noon in December 
or February? February or April? April or 
June? Why? 

TOPICS FOR ENGLISH THEMES The 
Size and Distance of the Sun. The Heat 
of the Sun and Its Effect upon the Earth. 
What We Know about the Sun Spots. 
Our Path around the Sun. 

How TO MAKE A SUNDIAL 

METHOD The diagram for the dial is 
a lesson in mechanical drawing. Each pu- 
pil should construct a gnomon (no'mon) 
of cardboard, and should make a drawing 
of the face of the dial upon paper. Then 
the sundial may be constructed by the 
help of the more skillful in the class. It 
should be made and set up by the pupils. 
A sundial in the school grounds may be 
made a center of interest and an object of 
beauty as well. 

MATERIALS For the gnomon a piece 
of board a half inch thick and six inches 
square is required. It should be given sev- 
eral coats of white paint so that it will not 



853 

warp. For the dial, take a board about 14 
inches square and an inch or more thick. 
The lower edge may be bevelled if de- 





A sundial made by pupils 



The gnomon 

sired. This should be given three coats 
of white paint, so that it will 'not warp and 
check. 

To MAKE THE GNOMON The word 
gnomon is a Greek word meaning " one 
that knows." It is the hand of the sundial, 
which throws its shadow on the face of 
the dial, indicating the hour. Take a piece 
of board six inches square, and be sure its 
angles are right angles. Let s, t, u, v rep- 
resent the four angles; draw on it a quarter 
of a circle from s to u with a radius equal 
to the line vs. Then with a cardboard pro- 
tractor, costing fifteen cents, or by work- 
ing it out without any help except know- 
ing that a right angle is 90, draw the line 
vw making the angle at x the same as the 
degree of latitude where the sundial is to 
be placed. At Ithaca the latitude is 42, 27' 
and the angle at x measures 42, 27'. Then 
the board should be cut off at the line vw, 
and later the edge sw may be cut in some 
ornamental pattern. 

To MAKE THE DIAL Take the painted 
board 14 inches square and find its exact 
center, y. Draw on it with a pencil the 
line AA" a foot long and one-fourth inch 
at the left of the center. Then draw the 
line BB" exactly parallel to the line AA" 
and a half inch to the right of it. These 



54 



EARTH AND SKY 



lines should be one-half inch apart 
which is just the thickness of the gnomon. 
If the gnomon were only one-fourth inch 
thick, then these lines should be one- 
fourth inch apart, etc. 




The face of the sundial 

With a compass, or a pencil fastened to 
a string, draw the half-circle AA'A" with 
a radius of six inches, with the point c 
for its center. Draw a similar half-circle 
BB'B" opposite, with c' for its center. 
Then draw the half-circle from DD'D", 
from c with a radius of five and three- 
quarter inches. Then draw similarly from 
c' the half-circle EE'E". Then draw from 
c the half-circle FF'F" with a radius of 
five inches, and a similar half-circle 
GG'G" from c' as a center. 

Find the points M, M' just six inches 
from the points F, G; draw the line }K 
through M, M' exactly at right angles to 
the line AA". This will mark the six 
o'clock points; so the figures VI may be 
placed on it in the space between the two 
inner circles. The noon mark XII should 
be placed as indicated (the " X " at D, F, 
the " II " at E, G) , With black paint out- 
line all the semicircles and figures. 

To SET UP THE SUNDIAL Fasten the 
base of the gnomon by screws or brads to 
the dial with the point s of the gnomon at 



F, G, and the point v of the gnomon at 
M, M', so that the point W is up in the 
air. Set the dial on some perfectly level 
standard with the line AA" extending 
exactly north and south. If no compass 
is available, wait until noon by the sun 
and set the dial so that the shadow 
from W will fall exactly between the 
points A, B, and this will mean that the 
dial is set exactly right. Then with a good 
watch note the points on the arc EK' ? 
on which the shadow falls at one, two, 
three, four, and five o'clock by sun time; 
and in the morning the points on the arc 
J'D on which the shadow falls at seven, 
eight, nine, ten, and eleven o'clock by sun 
time. Draw lines from M to these points, 
and lines from M' to the point on the 
arc EK'. Then place the figures on the 
dial as indicated in the spaces between 
the two inner circles. The space between 
the two outer circles may be marked with 
lines indicating the half and quarter hours. 
The figures should be outlined in pencil 
and then painted with black paint, or 
carved in the wood and then painted. 




Sundial on the author's lawn 



THE SKIES 



855 



THE MOON 



The moon is in more senses than one 
an illuminating object for both the earth 
and the skies. As a beginning for earth 
study it is an object lesson, illustrating 
what air and water do for our world and 
incidentally for us; while as the beginning 
of the study of astronomy, it appears as the 
largest and brightest object seen in the 
sky at night; and since it lies nearest us, 
it is the first natural step from our world 
to outer space. 

The moon is a little dead world that 
circles around our earth with one face 
always toward us, just as a hat-pin thrust 
into an apple would keep the same side 
of its head always toward the apple no 
matter how rapidly the apple was twirled. 
As we study the face of the moon, thus 
always turned toward us, we see that it 
is dark in some places and shining in 
others, and some uninformed people have 
thought that the dark places are oceans 
and the light places, land. But the dark 
portions are simply areas of darker rocks, 
while the lighter portions are yellowish or 
whitish rocks. The dark portions are of 
such a form that people have imagined 
them to represent the eyes, nose, and 
mouth of a man's face; but a far prettier 
picture is that of a woman's uplifted face 
in profile. The author has a personal feel- 
ing on this point, for as a child she saw the 
man's face always and thought it very ugly, 
and, moreover, concluded that he chewed 
tobacco; but after she had been taught to 
find the face of the lady, the moon was 
always a beautiful object to her. 

The moon is a member of our sun's 
family, his granddaughter we might call 
her if the earth be his daughter; and since 
the moon has no fires or light of its own, it 
shines by light reflected from the sun and 
therefore one-half of it is always in shadow. 
When we see the whole surface of the 
lighted half we say the moon is full; but 
when we see only half of the lighted side 
turned toward us, we say the moon is in 
its quarter, because all we can see is one- 



half of one-half, which is one-quarter; and 
when the lighted side is almost entirely 
turned away from us we say it is a crescent 
moon; and when the lighted side is en- 
tirely turned away from us w r e say there 
is no moon, although it is always there 




Lick Observatory 

The Moon, age 14.9 days. This and the fol- 
lowing photograph were made with the 36- 
inch refractor of the Lick Observatory 

just the same. Thus, although we can 
never see the other side of the moon, we 
can understand that the sun shines on all 
sides of it. 

Our earth, like the moon, shines al- 
ways by reflected light and is almost four 
times as wide as the moon. When we see 
the old moon in the new moon's arms, 
the dark outline of the moon within the 
bright crescent is visible because of the 
earthshine which illumines it, part of 
which is reflected from the moon back 
again to us. Sometimes pupils confuse this 
appearance of the moon with a partial 
eclipse; but the former is the old moon, 
which is one edge of the moon shining in 
the sunlight, the remainder faintly illu- 
mined by earth light, while an eclipse must 
always occur at the full of the moon when 
the earth passes between the sun and the 



856 



EARTH AND SKY 



moon, almost completely hiding the latter 
in its shadow. 

It is approximately a month from one 
new moon to the next, since it talces 
twenty-nine and one-half days for the 
moon to complete its cycle around the 
earth with respect to the sun, and thus 
turn once around in the sunshine. There- 
fore, each moon day is fourteen and three- 




Lick Observatory 
The moon, age 22.06 days 

quarter days long and the night is the 
same length. The moon always rises in the 
eastern sky and sets in the western sky. The 
full moon rises at sunset and sets at sun- 
rise, but owing to the movement of the 
earth around the sun the moon rises about 
fifty minutes later each evening; however, 
this time varies with the different phases 
of the moon and at different times of the 
year. This difference in the time of rising 
is so shortened at full moon in August 



and September, that we have several 
nights when the full moon lengthens the 
day; and it is called the " harvest moon," 
because in northern Europe in earlier 
times it was customary to work and sing 
in the harvest fields until late at night. 

A VISIT TO THE MOON 

If we could be shot out from a Jules 
Verne cannon and make a visit to the 
moon, it would be a strange experience. 
First, we should find on this little world, 
which is only as thick through as the dis- 
tance from Boston to Salt Lake City, 
mountains rising from its surface more 
than thirty thousand feet high, which is 
twice as high as Mt. Blanc and a thousand 
feet higher than the tallest peak of the 
Himalayas; and these moon mountains 
are so steep that no one could climb them. 
Besides ranges of these tremendous 
mountains, there are great craters or cir- 
cular spaces -enclosed with steep rock walls 
many thousand feet high. Sometimes at 
the center of the crater there is a peak 
lifting itself up thousands of feet, and 
sometimes the space within the crater 
circle is relatively level. Thirty-three thou- 
sand of these craters have been discov- 
ered. And, too, on the moon, there are 
great plains and chasms; and all these fea- 
tures of the rnoon have been photo- 
graphed, measured, and mapped by peo- 
ple on our earth. For a boy studying 
geometry, the measuring of the height of 
the mountains of the moon is an inter- 
esting story. 

But we could never in our present 
bodies visit the moon, because of one ter- 
rible fact the moon has no air surround- 
ing it. No air! What does that mean to 
a world? First of all, as we know life, no 
living thing animal or plant could 
exist there, for living beings must have 
air. Neither is there water on the moon; 
for if there were water there would have 
to be air. And without water no green 
thing can be grown, and the surface of 
the moon is simply naked, barren rock. 
If we were on the moon, we could not 
turn our eyes toward the sun, for with 



THE SKIES 



857 



no air to veil it, its fierce light would blind 
us; and the sky is as black at midday as 
at midnight, since there is no atmospheric 
dust to scatter the blue rays of light, leav- 
ing the beautiful blue in the sky; nor is 
there a glow at sunset because there is no 
air prism to separate the rays of light and 
no clouds to reflect or refract them. The 
stars could be seen in the black skies of 
midday as well as in the black skies of 
night and they would be simply points of 
light and could not twinkle, since there is 
no air to diffuse the sun's light and thus 
curtain the stars by day and cause them to 
twinkle at night. The shadows on the 
moon are, for the same reason, as black as 
midnight and as sharply defined; and if we 
should step into the shadow of a rock at 
midday we should be hidden, although 
some light reflected from the rocks around 
us might reach us. Hiding in such a 
shadow would be like putting on the in- 
visible cloak of fairy lore. And because 
there would be no layers of air to make an 
aerial perspective, a mountain a hundred 
miles away would seem as close to us as 
one a mile away. 

Since there is no atmosphere on the 
moon to act as a blanket to prevent radia- 
tion of heat to outer space and to shield 
from the direct radiation of the sun, 
the temperature of the moon reaches 
above boiling point at noon and near 
absolute zero at midnight. This great 
change of temperature between sunlight 
and darkness is the only force on the 
moon to change the shape of its rocks, 
for the expansion under heat and con- 
traction under cold must break and crum- 
ble even the firmest rock. Our rocks 
are broken by the freezing of water that 
creeps into every crevice, but there is no 
water to act on the moon's mountains in 
this fashion or to wear them away by dash- 
ing over their surface. However, the rocks 
and mountains of the moon may be 
changed in shape by the battering of me- 
teorites, which pelt into the moon by the 
million, since the moon has no air to 
set them afire and make them into harm- 
less shooting stars, burning up before they 
strike. But though a meteorite weighing 



thousands of tons should crash into a 
moon mountain and shatter it to atoms 
there would be no sound, since sound is 
carried only by the atmosphere. 

Imagine this barren, dead world, 
chained to our earth by links forged from 
unbreakable gravity, with never a breath 
of air, a drop of rain or flake of snow, with 
no streams, or seas; graced by not a green 
thing not even a blade of grass or a 
tree, or by the presence of any living 
creature! Out there in space it whirls its 
dreary round, with its stupendous moun- 
tains cutting the black skies with their 
jagged peaks aboye, and casting their inky 
shadows below; heated to a terrific tem- 
perature, by the sun's rays, then suddenly 
immersed into cold that would freeze our 
air solid, its only companion the terrific 
rain of meteoric stones driven against it 
with a force far beyond that of cannon 
balls, and yet with never a sound as loud 
as a whisper to break the terrible stillness 
which envelops it. 

SUGGESTED READING Elementary Sci- 
ence by Grades, by Ellis C. Persing and 
John A. Hollinger, Book 6; Romance of 
the Moon, by Mary Proctor; also, read- 
ings on page 817. 

LESSON 232 
THE MOON 

LEADING THOUGHT The moon always 
has the same side turned toward us, so we 
do not know what is on the other side. 
The moon shines by reflected light from 
the sun, and is always half in light and 
half in shadow. The moon has neither air 
nor water on its surface, and what we call 
the moon phases depend on how much 
of the lighted surface we see. 

METHOD Have the pupils observe the 
moon as often as possible for a month, 
beginning with the full moon. After 
the suggested experiment, the questions 
which follow may be given a few at a 
time. 

EXPERIMENT Darken the room as 
much as possible; use a lighted lamp or 
electric light for the sun, which is, of 
course, stationary. Take a large apple to 



858 

represent the earth and a small one to 
represent the moon. Thrust a piece of 
stiff wire, at least one foot long, through 
the big apple to represent the axis of the 
earth and also the axis about which the 
moon revolves. Tie a string about a foot 
long to the stem of the moon apple and 
make fast the other end to the piece of 
wire just above the earth apple. Hold the 



EARTH AND SKY 




Experiment for illustrating the phases of the 
moon 

wire in one hand and revolve the apple 
representing the moon slowly with the 
other hand, letting the children see that 
if they were living on the earth apple the 
following things would be true: 

1. Moving from right to left when it is 
between the earth and the sun the moon 
reflects no light. 

2. Moving a little to the left a crescent 
appears. 

3. Moving a quarter around shows the 
first quarter. 

4. When just opposite the lamp, it 
shows its whole face lighted and turned 
toward the earth. 

5. Another quarter around shows a half 
disc, which is the third quarter. 

6. When almost between the sun and 
the earth the crescent of the old moon 
appears. 

7. The moon always keeps one face to- 
ward the earth. 

8. Note that the new moon crescent 
is the lighted edge of one side of the moon, 
while the old moon crescent is the lighted 
edge of the opposite side. 

9. Make an eclipse of the moon by let- 
ting the shadow of the earth fall upon it, 



and an eclipse of the sun by revolving the 
moon apple between the sun and the 
earth. The earth's orbit and the moon's 
orbit are such that this relative position 
of the two bodies occurs but seldom. 

OBSERVATIONS i. Describe how the 
moon looks when it is full. 

2. What do you think you see in the 
moon? 

3. Describe the difference in appear- 
ance between the new moon and the full 
moon, and explain this difference. 

4. Where does the new moon rise and 
where does it set? 

5. When does it rise and when does 
it set? 

6. Where and when does the full moon 
rise and where and when does it set? 

7. How does the old moon look? 

8. Could the crescent moon which is 
seen in early evening be the old moon in- 
stead of the new; and, if not, why not? 

9. When and where do we ordinarily 
see the old moon when it is crescent- 
shaped? 

10. Does the moon rise earlier or later 
on succeeding nights? What is approxi- 
mately the difference in time of moonrise 
on two successive nights? 

1 1 . Do you think we always look at the 
same side of the moon? If so, why? 

12. Is more than one side of the moon 
lighted by the sun? Why? 

13. How many days from one new 
moon until the next? 

14. How long is the day on the moon 
and how long the night? 

15. How many times does the moon 
go around the earth in a year? 

16. What is the difference between the 
disappearance of the old moon and an 
eclipse of the moon? 

THE PHYSICAL GEOGRAPHY OF THE MOON 
QUESTIONS FOR THE PUPILS TO THINK 
ABOUT AND ANSWER IF THEY CAN 
17. Since it has been found that there is 
no air or water on the moon, could there 
be any life there? 

18. Supposing you could do without air 
or water and should be able to visit the 



moon what would you find to be the color 
of the sky there? 

19. Would there be a red glow before 
sunrise or beautiful colors at sunset? 

20. Would the sun appear to have rays? 
Could you look at the sun without being 
blinded? 

21. Would the stars appear to twinkle? 
Could you see the stars in the daytime? 

22. How would the shadows look? If 
you could step into the shadow of a rock 
at midday, could you be seen? 

23. Could you tell by looking at it 
whether a mountain was far or near? 

24. Why is it so much hotter and 
colder on the moon than upon the earth? 



THE SKIES 859 

25. If you could shout on the moon, 
how would it sound? If one hundred can- 
nons should be fired at once on the moon, 
how would it sound? 

26. Is there any rain or snow on the 
moon? Are there any clouds there? If there 
is no air or water on the moon, would 
the intense heat and the powerful cold af- 
fect the soils or rocks, as freezing and 
thawing affect our rocks? 

27. The moon is so small that the force 
of gravity on its surface is one-sixth that 
on the earth's surface. If a man can carry 
seventy-five pounds on his back here, how 
many pounds could he carry on the 
moon? 
